you definitely shouldn't make those
noises to start off a podcast Tom Papa
that what are you doing you freaking be
blocked if do you know what what is it
good speedy SMR do you know what that is
yeah like when you like you like certain
sounds yeah I find them soothing I don't
think that's one of them this is what I
use to drive my kids crazy I say it's
Mack and it's a spoon and mac and cheese
professionally my younger by younger one
who's like comedian funny this is her
things this shit so she doesn't care
about parents or what we're doing or
she's just out for herself whenever I
make a joke around the house she that I
think is funny she just goes huh jokes
how old is she 14 that's hilarious comic
yes yeah she will be wow she definitely
could be do you have a healthy household
it is healthy that doesn't seem like a
good recipe for comedy right yeah well
you know it takes all kinds
it does take all kind you know have you
met anybody that came from a good
childhood that's really funny me you
yeah really I'm pretty funny you're very
funny
you came from no problems at all I think
every kid did you move around a lot
I moved once one town over and it
traumatized me mmm in third grade yeah I
still can't I'm still not over it
but I think that everybody has I think I
think as a child even if it's not real
heavy stuff it feels heavy to you you
know what I mean like my father was
super strict and like yeah you know
spanked us and stuff and I was like this
nervous you know what I mean and so so I
think you can grow up pretty normal and
be pretty funny you know it's like a
there's a line with kids it's like you
don't want to be mad at them but you
can't let them get away with too much
yeah so you have to go hey hey seriously
stop screaming at me
stop this yeah like you can't do this
like because every now and then though
they'll test it totally cuz they fight
amongst each other like I've dark
two years apart they'll fight amongst
each other that's what I'm happy now and
then they'll turn it on you I'm not
wearing your pants yeah I'm a good guy
no it is it is a weird thing especially
when you know how you were as a kid oh
yeah and you know we've got daughters
and I'm probably they're probably
similar that where they're not as nutso
as we were when we were little but you
still have to bring the hammer down even
though you think it's kind of funny or
you think it's not that big a deal
you have to lay down the law even if you
don't feel it you have to enforce some
guidelines and then you have to
communicate about why those guidelines
exist yeah I didn't get enough of I
think when I was a kid its communication
about why those guidelines exists
because in the moment the kids not gonna
internalize it they're gonna be mad I
wanted to do this I wanted to do that
and they just have it in their head I
want to play one more game why can't I
just play why Margot
so just get freaked out because what we
heard was because I said so yes exactly
there was no reason there was nothing
behind you just go to bed why at seven
o'clock because I said so alright yeah
well we don't put parameters on play
though like as much we put parameters on
you only have a certain amount of
television time certain amount of video
game time mmm but but as far as like
play play like doing stuff like playing
in the pool or doing all this like I
don't feel like there's any you could
play in the pool all day all day yeah
I'm happy for all right it's interesting
right yo ya know cuz it's and it's
probably they're learning more from that
than anything else that they would but
it's purely play right all play is not
considered equal like play when you're
sedentary in front of a video screen and
you're right playing some silly video
game right and you're just sitting there
and you're just your brain to be
physical but to be out to be doing
something but they do have this one game
that I'll let them play for a long time
it's this crazy dance game okay Dance
Revolution I don't know what it's called
but they dance um it's a thing they
dance
what's-her-face crazy what's crazy face
oops I did it again Britney Spears
dancer you better work bitch you want a
Maserati you better work that's your
work bitch in there
it's hilarious but that's exercise like
have you done it with them yes what it's
fun you have to I've only done honestly
a couple times they probably played it a
million times but you have to coordinate
your movements to mirror the person on
the screen right but my instincts are to
like to not mirror but to do what he's
doing if his right arms going up my
right going up right cuz like that's he
get taught in martial arts
uh-huh I'm not sure if I'm supposed to
be doing that or if I'm supposed to be
just mirroring him when he lifts up his
right arm am I supposed to live up my
left arm because that's that's the one
that faces me is that how you know you
you do whatever you see yeah but you
then you have to track you have to
switch it over in your head when I just
that arm okay well go with you well it
seems like well you shouldn't do this
with your children it seems like though
that it would be easier for all involved
if you just had the mirror it's not do
the same exact side of their body as
your body I don't know I've not I've
never gotten that deep because I've done
it and then quickly became exhausted and
just pretended I thought it was stupid
so I could lay down well it's critical
in martial arts that you like if you're
learning something
if you prefer a especially kickboxing
for most fighters most fighters have one
good side and one one side that they're
not so good at right and like the really
great fighters like one of the best in
the world today is Terence Crawford and
one of the things about him is he can
fight equally well from southpaw or from
ortho really yes what just dance oh yeah
he'll do whatever he wants wow he just
fucks everyone he fights really
top-shelf competition too and he's just
he's so technical and so so clever at
figuring people out but I think he has a
giant advantage and that he literally as
as good a southpaw as he is Orthodox
like he can box the best boxers in the
world Orthodox right and then just
switch up southpaw on them and there's
you know he might be like a little
better as a southpaw but god damn it's
so close my in my dogs will be just he's
fucking their head up they bought him
one way and then he switched his dancing
he starts fucking them up the other way
is he born that way no no it's a learn
thing my point would be if you had a sow
pas instructor and he was teaching you
and you were mirroring him it would be
weird
right right right you know right if
someone's telling you something you want
to see how their body's doing it and and
mimic their movements right I see it and
mimic their movements right you don't
want to mirror it it would be too
confusing
yeah which is interesting because it
seems like the mirin worked better if it
was the stupid video game you know I
think any martial arts star yeah no it's
messed you up you can't be a good dance
revolutionary someone's got to walk you
through it to dance dance revolutionary
I'm probably doing everything wrong
probably risking all these joints like
there's certain you know who could dance
like really dance for him for him do you
know if he he Manoir no you don't know
him from the store he's coming on Zenon
tomorrow he's under morrow
he's Hilaire yeah really funny guy this
Instagram is filled with him dancing oh
really
yeah me but he dances really good yeah
and I was watching this and I got um I
got a little self-conscious watching
this I was like I don't think I could do
any of this and if I had to do this like
watch watch him dance I was like if I
had to do this I was so self-conscious
that I was doing this like look he's
really good
yeah there's I made a new year's
resolution this year that I was going to
dance more and I haven't done it because
of the same thing I come I I always feel
like someone Carolee for once said to me
you look like a guy who's never danced
in his life what do you mean I've got
some flow
Carolee fools she's fucking away yeah
she's in Venice
I'm Sam sir damn but that first thing I
just showed you for tonight took a video
from his that was six years old on his
YouTube channel and let's just put it in
the game this like last past week whoa
and are charging people money for it Wow
anybody without making any money most
likely now this happened over and over
to people with their dances great that's
really young too
I can't really funny guy well super cool
guy he's filled with joy obviously you
know you're not like an asshole if you
dance like that good point right that's
a happy fella that's a happy family
he's super nice guy super smart guy out
cool he had some sort of
technical job didn't he wouldn't he like
on we'll figure out so much someone told
me he had some very intellectually
strenuous job and then decided to bail
on that to be a community and she makes
sense that's interesting I hope that's
true story ya never know with people man
I know you know I know I I I think that
we probably could take a dance class
together dude I don't want to learn how
to dance like that I'm worried about my
wife can really move have a meniscus
issue oh yeah what's that a tour or
something - my meniscus what's the
meniscus in your padding in between your
knee and in between your bones you tore
it
yeah not that bad like it's a little
tear and I've been trying to deal with
it without surgery with stem cells
you're really gonna favorite things I'm
making things
it's hard for me to not kick things for
a long time and when I when I don't kick
things see I just don't feels good we
all have our things some people dance
some people kick things I feel good when
I hit that fight I like to smoke weed I
smoked like two or three hits
uh-huh I get to stay to mind where I'm
just I just feel like my tendons I feel
my muscles and my bones and then I just
like the fucking throwing out I'll put
on some LEDs
I'll just just going off on the bad papa
and it becomes like you feel like you're
like you're just riding like a wave of
movement right you're not even thinking
about it you're not thinking about
anything other than making sure that you
don't do anything stupid in terms of
like launching a strike when the bags in
the wrong place where you could jam
yourself or hurt yourself so it's like
you just flown around the bag and it's
just like you don't even have to really
kid it your hardest yeah it's more like
you're in there like a dance mm-hmm yes
with the movements quit is there an age
where that becomes like I'm gonna start
tearing stuff a lot but just turn 52 I
think it's about 51 yeah it might be
tired sure this definitely trade on yoga
yeah I love the yoga - yeah it was good
but it probably doesn't give you the
same rush - it's a different rush you're
all booked they're both great rushes
though yeah it's a great rush yoga's
great there's a thing about the hitting
things though that it like leaves
nothing no violence in you I don't know
if that's real or if that's just I've
been doing it so long mm-hmm but it's
just a normal part of my life when I
don't do it I'm like a baby and I want I
want no no aggression juice left of my
body I want to pound it all out yeah
nothing pounds it all out like hitting
the bag right you just shaytans your
brain out yeah it's more of a mellow
thing it's but it straightens you out
more without like indulging you you know
I'm saying like if you were it's it's
like food right it's like if you were
addicted to something if you were doing
it so often that you just you just
needed to gorge that's all you did yeah
you just kept getting fat because of
that yeah you'd have to stop mm-hmm and
you would realize you'd have this urge
to gorge right so I always wonder like
what I want to do it is that like my
urge to gorge I do I just want a car go
fucking crazy and be self indulgent is
that what it is or is it is is it that
I'm really recognizing that there's a
need that people have to have some
explosive movements and then if you get
rid of though that need whether for me
it's running up hills as a big once one
of the reasons why I like it
challenging and it leaves me completely
spent and I feel like I'm a nicer person
I feel like I feel nicer I feel my nicer
to people so that's not an aggressive
hitting thing though but it's it's
explosive it's just why because you're
going up this fucking Hill yeah it's um
they're heavy hills out here would you
feel the same way getting off of a
treadmill or or like when you do the
elliptical yeah that's great I mean that
feels great right but dude there's
something about an actual physical hill
that's outside in nature you feel like
what if something was chasing me right
away how long can I do this yeah what if
I have to catch somebody how could I get
them yeah like what if you know what if
you know horrible things happen if I
don't reach the top of this hill yeah
when I always loved running through the
woods whose carry its but it's exciting
there's something primal about it
there's something more there's more at
play than just where I'm just running
down the street yeah but I think that I
they have to write something down or I'm
gonna forget it I think I have this
thing about the woods that I keep
forgetting to do it I think that uh it's
what you're describing and like having
the kick is I equate it to stand up it's
like I'm no longer the same person when
I'm not doing standing for several days
right that and I think it's because I
learned it I created this addiction I
created this thing that I no longer am
the same person without it you became a
junkie yeah yeah
we're all for sure laughs junkies I
think we are so lucky that regular
people don't know what it feels like to
get a big laugh yeah or they would do it
do any other job like fuck these are the
jobs I want to kill yeah I think about
that every time I walk through Vegas and
you see all these people like drinking
and at the tables and they're trying to
get a rush they're trying to get
something something and you walk around
with this secret in your mind that like
I'm getting something so much more
potent than you're gonna get out here
just from being on stage Joey Diaz did
this bit the other night in the in the
original room and it was so hilarious it
was really fresh and you could talk cuz
it was making him laugh and he was laugh
and he was you know Joy's fucking dying
laughing and I'm
the back of the room I'm like you can't
get any happier than that yes happy as a
person can get all I can in that those
bursts of moments I like the love of
your children that is as happy as you
can ever get yeah a new line and it's
working the love family love yeah people
you care about that's the only thing
that Clips is it yeah no you're right
but everybody can get that everybody get
the family love so everybody can get the
best kind of love yes but it all takes
work
oh fuck but I think that I think when
you have I mean it could be so small -
it could be like one line that you added
to an old joke that works oh your whole
night is different yep
your whole Drive home is like yes yeah
where if you don't try something and you
just kind of go through it mm-hmm and
it's not as satisfying so you constantly
have to keep pushing - because you need
that more potent brush but the other
side of it is if I have a set and
everything's amazing except one new line
that I tried that ate shit I say it that
way yeah yeah you're managing this weird
thing you know if your axe is this weird
thing that you're producing and managing
it and yeah Oh constantly console
console in your head constantly tweaking
constantly trying to express trying to
trying to have something that you think
oh this is it's almost like the cockier
you are it's so rare when you feel like
this is gonna be a great one and you
bring it up and it works like it you
know what I mean like it it never
matches expectation but if you think
like maybe this will work those are the
those I love because they surprise you
it's like this is funnier than even I
thought yes those are interesting right
yeah the setup is actually the funniest
part of the joke Diane laughing it's
something to set up you're like oh yeah
okay I see oh my god why didn't I see
that yeah and then you're like yeah
that's funnier that's the funnier part
of it yeah but that's one of the weird
things about having to do it in front of
people like you have to do it in front
of people there's no other way
you can't like really practice to end up
in a vacuum now I know that's a so cool
back to the premise thing Chris Rock
said that to me once he said that's what
that's the greatest
secretin comedy he goes it's the it's
the setup that's the real joke
he said the the punchline you know
that's kind of icing but you really
you're nailing the joke in the setup
mm-hmm yeah and if you fuck up a setup
Oh even if the rest of joke is good you
always remember that fucked up or the
set up yeah why do you say it like that
so did such a weird little dance you
play with your head yeah I'm trying to
put it all in line and get all the bits
together correctly how big was that
crowd you played I'd saw an Instagram
this weekend that was in Portland
Portland Oregon it was big it looked
huge it has like 10,000 people now what
is that what is that doing to your act
in your performance you have to slow
down a little bit because it's so loud
mm like you have to give them more a
little bit more time because I went to
see Louis black once I didn't even
realize this and I had actually done
theaters already and I was even doing
the very theater that he was in uh-huh
and Joey Diaz and I were sitting in the
back of this this big theater that Louis
black was playing in and we watched him
right and he would hit a punch line and
all these people around us would be
laughing really loud and then he hit the
tag and I couldn't hear the tag there
were so many people laughing at the
punch line I was like oh really like
cemented in my hand I was like oh this
is a whole different feeling for the
audience member than a club right one of
the crazy things about like the original
room right or some small room like that
when you when you hit a punch line when
everybody's laughing you can hit a tag
and they're gonna hear it perfectly
clearly yeah because there's not enough
people's laughter to overwhelm the sound
of the speaker you have you on the
microphone when there's ten thousand
fucking people yeah you got to give that
one a little bit of air let it come back
yeah you go give those bits a little
more air right you're just quickly but
but do you feel are you happy doing it
like do you feel like it's as because I
the only thing close is when I worked
with Seinfeld and we did when the Fox
theatres and that was a little over
5,000 yeah and the Detroit Fox that
started it was no it was Atlanta
oh and that started to feel a little out
of my control
how many Fox theaters are there by the
way there's the a million of them
there's Fox ain't Lois company yeah it
was the same cow it was just a bunch of
people naming their theater the Fox
no no no no it was like 20th Century Fox
it was like if you decide I'm the salmon
theatre do you own the salmon theatre
yeah that's how can you own salmon you
can know it's right now fuck off come on
if you have a ban you call your banned
salmon you can't you can't name your
band
after shit that everybody knows the
words to our nose nose the like what it
is right but part of now it just seems
weird it's got to be like salmon work
boot you can't Nick could you name your
like if you named your beef or if you
had a you had a band you named it beef
mm-hmm you don't own beef beef you can't
say you could trademark beef you could
be for the name of a band it's just such
a common name it's like you can't own it
with anything but you know what I like
cents yeah but I looked up yesterday I
was online I was writing and first I
looked up fun just the just the word fun
so he owns huh and there's a band fun
okay everything that came up was fun the
band fuck off you can't have that name
at war war yeah but that was a long time
ago that was when they were first making
bands dude you know we were at that
Shoreline Amphitheatre and they have all
these posters on the wall of different
shows and one of them was it was Jimi
Hendrix and fuck who was the other band
never heard some other insane band Oh
Jimi Hendrix fuck was it the birds was
the birds in another band but it was so
crazy like looking at this thing like
wow like this was a real show that you
could have caught back that yeah you
gonna walked into this theater and seen
him great to watch Hendrix it's crazy
that it was right there I'm like wow
that and that night he was there so they
were all in front like laughing Joe
really someone snapped this picture
she's Louise sometimes a photo and you
go oh yeah that's a photo from 1973 yeah
no big deal and sometimes one hits you
when you go whoa
yeah that's Ronnie Vanzant exactly yeah
like to be around that guy that's Miles
Davis talking to Mick Jagger Jesus
Christ yeah like someone was there with
a flat and a camera when that went down
I know it's crazy so I think that so
when I back to the Fox thing how big was
it five I was like a little over 5,000
and that started to seem like something
different yeah from like even like 4,000
seem like you're still in that Club kind
of you know theater back and forth at
five it started to feel like this is
this is bigger than I can control right
do you feel like you can control it and
10,000 have a good time yeah but do you
feel like you know what I mean like we
did 25,000 in Tacoma
did you really Dave and I did yeah
that's crazy that's crazy it's a lot of
people Phil Phil's insane that has two
feelings oh my god so fucking roar of
humans it's fun you know it's like
everybody was there to have a good time
like everybody's there for the same
reason and people keep it together
remarkably well yeah if you really stop
and think about live events like how
well people in like we don't get enough
credit I know every nutty person who
does something crazy yeah there's so
many people that can keep it together I
know that's I it's really unfortunate
that we view people the way we do
sometimes because we concentrate on
every single bad thing that happens in
the news and yeah there's a lot of bad
things that happen in the news but at
scale if you just have the scale of
people I think we're looking at it
completely skewed I think most people
are really fine most people are cool
they are nice but that's why terrorism
works right because it's so spectacular
that it scares the daylights out of
everybody but I think the same thing
it's like okay so this horrible thing
happened on this night but think about
how many people were out that night
right think about how many people were
filling amphitheaters and arenas and
small shops and small clubs I mean in a
Mac just in America yeah millions and
everybody's cool everyone's getting
along everybody's doing the right thing
you're
there is definitely a lot of cool people
but it's the spectacular it's like a
plane crash mm-hmm right there's been
play there hasn't been a major plane
crash in the US and a long time but when
it happens it's it's so mind-blowing
because it's something fall from the sky
it's a big deal yeah it's a bigger deal
than a train a train crash that kills
the same amount of people doesn't shock
us as much no it's on the ground you
know what I mean it's like that thing
fell from the sky what happened we've
all fantasized about how horrible that
would be it has a big impact you know it
has a real big impact
no but that's amazing I mean to be there
with 25,000 strange like-minded people
just out there just coming to laughs
didn't want to have a good time that's
amazed that the cool thing about even
when you're at the improv you know or
the Comedy Store yeah you know there's a
group of people that comes to have a
good time
yeah there's always you know
occasionally someone who's drunked and
doesn't get it and they want to yell out
and be on things but most of the clubs
in town now are good at getting rid of
those people ya know they're really good
but the vast majority of people are cool
yes but vast majority yeah no it's great
but it's when you someone isn't cool
it's so disturbing so I we think about
people in that regard yeah you know we
think about people like cuz know um the
worst possible scenario like did you see
once upon time in Hollywood I did so
those flower kids right yeah the
murderous flower the Manson's hit those
that's like worst case in era yeah
sometimes we think about people just on
you know just cuz that's a possibility
it's such a glaring one but it gets a
disproportionate amount of energy and
interest for the most part most people
yeah are super fine the animals people
are great most people are friendly most
people just want to have a good time in
this life ya assholes right exactly and
even the Manson kids there's probably a
couple of them that were fun I bet there
was the girl who took off the girl who
was like hey I'll be right back oh yeah
you know she's take off know who was in
real life who do you watch stranger
things yes she's the she's Ethan Hawke
and uma thurman's daughter why yeah
yes Wow yes she was the one in the the
two worked in the ice-cream shop oh
that's crazy yeah that's what I thought
you were gonna say the actual Manson kid
would take off one in real life
oh and real life you confuse around when
we were talking about the other day that
story with the Bruce Lee that was
loosely based in reality yeah I had to
do with gene LeBell oh Jesus clearly as
a stunt man
unlike the Green Hornet okay well let me
tell you this thing because talking from
gene gene it was always I've known gene
for years he's always super respectful
about Bruce Lee but he's also he's okay
let me put it this way if that actually
did happen that way if Bruce Lee fought
gene LeBell gene LeBell would grab ahold
of him and obliterate his brain on the
concrete 100 out of 100 times over is
let me just say that for so I'm not
talking about the movie there was a
thing in the movie where I felt like
they made Bruce Lee seem like a buffoon
and I'm like oh I don't think he was
ever really like that uh-huh
this is like kind of an important
historical figure for martial arts and I
get it's just a crazy Quentin Tarantino
movie I get it the the end of the movie
did not I mean in spoiler alert I don't
want to say what happened but they make
take some liberties for entertainments
sake with a lot of different things yeah
but with that one I was like ooh I'm
just gonna have some random dude that
that you know is a stuntman and Bruce
Lee's a buffoon to him and he kicks his
ass on the set but with that said yeah
that got if that was a real life event
with gene LeBell and Bruce Lee gene
LeBell would crush him so gene LeBell he
sort of got real uh that would have been
him in that scene oh yeah it would have
been quick right it would have been a
different thing man he's a gorilla right
I mean he's like a judo champion with a
severe arsenal of neck cranks and joint
locks and he is strong like a fucking
bear I mean dude in his prime he was a
tank of a man really far bigger than
Bruce Lee know it and obviously was
small right he was a small guy but Bruce
Lee was an innovator in martial arts and
one of my personal heroes yeah he's like
the
important early innovator because he was
the first guy to think that you should
combine the best elements of all these
different styles huh when I was coming
up man I was doing Taekwondo and you
were brainwashed to think that Taekwondo
was the best martial art everything else
was bullshit and you shouldn't even
practice it so if I was practicing other
stuff like I was doing some boxing I was
doing like I'd get some frowns from some
people and it was like a thing and if
you were in some schools that were less
open-minded than mine you know my school
was a little more practical than some of
them but some of them they would say
kung fu or death like all they wanted to
do is fucking confer they're doing the
shit in the party okay and you couldn't
say hey man a wrestler is gonna grab a
hold of you and he's gonna just pound
you into a fucking tree and there's not
a goddamn thing you can do about there's
jr. there's gene LeBell who was he was
uh in a bunch of different movies as a
stunt man oh yeah that looks like
greenhorn ten friends so that's there
were very good friends and he had
nothing but good things to say about
Bruce Lee and he said he taught Bruce
Lee a lot like some of the moves that
Bruce Lee Bruce Lee used an armbar and
one of the early scenes in Game of Death
that was from gene LeBell no I guarantee
you helped him here but look at this
like if gene LeBell really wanted to
grab a hold of Bruce Lee Bruce Lee would
be unconscious as would I as with many
many many other trained martial artists
not Jame Bruce Lee was a fuck I mean
Bruce Lee was a fantastic martial artist
and like I said one of the most
innovative guys ever we don't even
realize how much his style had a
gigantic effect on making untold
millions of people sign up for martial
arts classes including men right because
he was a movie star right he had the
looks and the and the charisma yes that
allowed him to bring it on the film and
show everybody he had everything he had
a philosophy he had a deep understanding
of all these different martial arts and
he had the courage to try to combine
them which is unheard of at the time
where they've got an exercise from a lot
of these kung-fu like circles where did
he learn it he learned it from a bunch
of different places I mean he learned in
the u.s. he learned in China he learned
different things from different people I
know he did he worked with a lot of
different martial artists including gene
LeBell of course was a what's gene
LeBell judo
credentials and I guarantee was a
national champion I think he was a world
champion but he was whatever he was he's
a fucking gorilla
I feel like kung-fu is more popular
earlier well the UFC changed all that
shit yeah yeah Dan what is this zone you
know but what is is competition
accomplishments Blue Bell yellow belt
he's but if that that makes sense that
they kind of base it on him because he
really was a legendary stuntman as well
wouldn't that be cool though if
Tarantino had the inside scoop on that
story maybe that but Bruce Lee in him
with friends I guarantee you like that
didn't go down like that didn't write
fight write write write if they did have
a fight Jesus Christ her if ik yeah that
guy's a fucking gorilla judo people is a
different man they have a different
their their core judo is yeah their
course so goddamn strong there's only a
few judo guys that ever rolled with it a
lack of consequence of Karo Parisyan was
one of them anything when I was a blue
belt I've rolled with him and he was
like rollin with the chimpanzee they
just threw me around so I was really
Christ it's so disheartening when you
grapple with like our like a really good
wrestler or a really good judo person
they just have this insane ability to
manipulate body so it's crazy okay it
says he won the national heavyweight
judo championship and the u.s. USA
overall judo championship title so he
won the national heavyweight title and
he went on to win both the heavyweight
and overall champion in 1955 as well so
that's that's a National Amateur
Athletic Union I think that's a I think
that's that stands for so that's a
that's a big-time judo title especially
for back then in 1954 that probably
wasn't that many Judo Championships it
was probably a fairly recent thing where
judo come from Japan Japan Japan Jiu
Jitsu even Brazilian Jiu Jitsu really
came from Japan because count my ADA who
was this traveling judo master he taught
people in Brazil he taught the Gracie's
so the Gracie family in Brazil they took
that jiu-jitsu and they refined it and
maybe made it much more much more
emphasis on submission
because of Carlos Gracie and ilio Gracie
and Carlson Gracie and like the early
masters right really amazing amazing
story of one really one family that kind
of revolutionized the way people fight
on the ground they just all focused
right I remember yeah they just were
they just were badasses
yeah they would just fight each other
all the time they were trying to figure
out what works best
well they just got it down to a fucking
science is the story about from Jean the
Bella Bella care either because LaBelle
said when you go on the set Dobbins will
put Lee in a headlock or something so as
Lebel went up and grabbed Lee he started
making all those noises and they became
famous for LaBelle said but he didn't
try to counter me so I think he was more
surprised than anything else so he
probably just grabbed him got him in a
headlock right then the Bell lifted Lee
unto his back once called the fireman's
carry I ran around the set with him and
said put me down or I'll kill you Lee
screams he said I can't put you down or
you'll kill me LaBelle said holding Lee
there as long as he dared before putting
him down saying hey Bruce don't kill me
just kidding champ back on his feet
again lead it and kill the balance
Dudley recognized his lack of grappling
was deficiency in Jeet Kune Do style of
martial arts that he was developing see
so it wasn't really a fight but this is
what I'm telling you the battle was so
fucking powerful and such an amazing
judo guard that if it was a fight it
would have been right really quick right
so if that's who he was supposed to be
portraying and look if that's you showed
that the brad pitt character was some
judo champion that became a martial
artist later okay maybe this guy was
like a roofer this was a fun part of me
it was great fucking like movie man I
love that line and it's so it's so it's
like split camps on it like just in my
circle of friends and I run into
whatever people even loved it and feel
like they could have hung with it for
two more hours
or people were like what's the point
what was the story I don't get it those
I don't get it guys keep a real close on
[Music]
them like the Jeffrey Epstein you're
trying to keep him alive those people
don't understand they're thinking I
don't either
it was so generic oh my god my last
movie like were you not entertained like
there was a lot of times in that movie I
was like fuck yeah
haha right move I could have just hung
with it forever and especially being out
here in LA who's just like that cool
Musso and Frank's yes they didn't even
have to do anything to make it look
different I know that's like it's from
1969 are we supposed to go yeah we're
supposed to go yeah you and me and Joey
we've been talking about forever we got
to do it well I'm in town this week
there's a UFC in Anaheim this weekend
oh really LA yeah I'm in LA - this is
the first two weekends in a row that
I've been home I think in a year and a
half pull up Tom Pappas Instagram and
take a look at that sweet alchemy did
you put it up on your now I didn't
didn't here I'll send it to you or I'll
send it to Jamie all right you send it
to Jamie uh oh my god that was so good
dude that's just ridiculous that's why
I'm here today cuz I run out of ELQ
you kept it so well I'm in the food porn
obviously yeah I was gonna bring you
bread of course there's an annoying
thing about Apple this was us you want
to take a photograph from a text message
you can't search that person's name
because otherwise you can't get the
photo you know I'm saying like if I
search your name I have to actually send
you a text unless I'm doing something
totally wrong swipe down when you open
up the messages at swipe down yeah look
at that sweet sweet bread search but no
no that does look sweet okay but it was
uh it was just I couldn't I couldn't
give it to you it was just a little too
stale and I'm like I don't want to get
ya next time you had stale bread how is
it how many days is an actual real bread
go before it's Dale about four days wow
that's so crazy so I make two at a time
so it depends how how much the ladies
are eating Wow
yeah Jamie I just sent you I just sent
it to you again a photo of the meat this
was so good I just can't believe you
cook that put that perfect ass grill
grill that's amazing gas grill on high
and I do it four times what um cut was
that was that a roast that was the
tri-tip oh wow that looks good oh so
good damn that looks good I know dude
you're a really good cook thank you you
nailed that yeah tri-tips a tricky one
because there's not a lot of fat I tried
tip no it's not doing
you know there was there was I I
remarked at that that there were in a
lot of flames coming up it wasn't like
dripping fat into the thing it's a
different coming but I just did it by
feel and I was like you you know you
don't want it to be too you know I'm
stiff and then you just pulled it off
and it's still nice dude that's still
have it waiting for me in the fridge
that's a plus right there well it's good
stuff
so did you you got another one you send
does that mean you hunt it again or does
that I got a deer you got a deer yeah I
got a deer Illinois I'm gonna give you
some access to your - oh really yeah oh
boy boy was that is that with the taste
difference um it's it's it's different
it's definitely different there but it's
really delicious yeah they're one of the
fastest deer species on earth
it's crazy fast how bigger they about a
hundred and thirty hundred and fifty
pounds like Jamie sighs no Jamie is
bigger than that yeah like 20 huge clip
size right oh really that's little I'm
here for meat ligaments and wiseass
attitude to put it in perspective you
get about 400 pounds from an elk and you
get about 40 pounds from a deer oh my
god yeah definitely very different that
elk is so good it's great I don't you
know last time you gave it I can give me
a bunch and it's just been in the
freezer to go and like buy like a steak
at Gelson's or whatever a Ralph's it's
not happening well I'm glad you enjoy it
man so good it's so cool to see that you
like it it's so good for you you feel
good yes right crazy right that's not
yeah it's not just a placebo effect I
don't think so no I was I was I didn't
get in the game to feel good
I just wasn't because it was delicious
so many hunters say that yeah so many
hunters say that like you eat do you eat
it and you like gives you like this
boost event you feel like energon yeah
because it's so nutrient dense and so
dark and I mean it's an animal that like
their main foa's wolves dry mountain
lions I mean they're out there hustling
yeah if you can get it get a hold of
that meat that's that's a meat of
Champions it's good stuff it's just they
scream they screening each other like
boy you're eating like a mystical beast
yeah that's what it feels like I
respect it but when you get it in the
store a lot of times it's from farms
it's from a farm in New Zealand most
likely mm-hmm I think they probably can
do it at some places in the United
States but some places in Canada where
they've commercially farm elk but most
now that you get you actually get from
New Zealand
wow this is really interesting new
zealand's a weird place man yeah I've
never been a lot of the Lambs you get
it's from New Zealand oh yeah yeah the
to New Zealand is really kind of crazy
because they don't have any predators
everything was brought over by a bunch
of rich European guys they're like
wouldn't it be great if we had sheep
over here and so they brought over stags
I see an antelope have you ever seen a
red stag no beautiful beautiful animal
oh yeah yeah they're all over the place
in New Zealand they brought them over
there there's literally no large mammals
in New Zealand and they brought all of
them over there jeez see if you could
get a photograph of a red stat New
Zealand Red Stag they're beautiful
animals it's kind of like an elk in a
lot of ways and it looks like it's like
the cousin of an elk but they have these
gorgeous gorgeous antlers and they're
just these big crazy beautiful animals
you have another trip coming up I've
never been in New Zealand
are you going for elk again yeah I'll be
going in the fall I was going to fall oh
that's nice yeah okay that's a Scottish
one don't they have an easy known red
stag okay well that's the dark side
click on that photo click on oh no the
one okay that's good - and the one below
it let me see the one below that huge we
want that's okay this is the dark side
see okay now what this is jeez this is a
New Zealand elk that's grown in a place
where they they grow them like this so
it's probably a high fence operation and
probably feed these things so they
probably have like big bundles of food
right and the more food an animal like
that gets the more impressive Iraq
though that rank is insane yeah there's
actually a really amazing podcast about
Oh see that looks like it's caught up in
ropes or something the hell is happening
there it's like in a tree or something
what the fuck is going on it looks like
a valley I must I got caught on
something it looks like a vine a
mousetrap
that's so weird I really don't
understand what that is it's very amps
so it looks like the antlers are wrapped
up in vines and then they shot it and
left the vines on the head they could
have taken the vines off just out of
respect out of respect that does happen
though
like sometimes deer will get like barbed
wire and shit stuck in their antlers
Oh your bail wire they'll get that shit
stuck in their antlers so let's still
get it wrapped around their legs and
shit sorry and that's awful people
always catch um deer or find deer rather
that have been caught in fences so like
they they're jumping through a fence it
gets twisted around and their leg gets
stuck eh
yeah it's terrible that's not cool oh
it's a drag it's a drag they find them
there or coyotes find them and they just
eat them along you know it's really good
- is the sausage oh yeah that sausage is
fantastic anyway so that's why those
antlers are so crazy they're not just
because they're in the wild that's not
happening you wouldn't get enough food
right there's uh I was gonna say that
there's a great podcast called a meat
eater with my friend Steve Rinella
there's an episode that there they're
talking about that that's out right now
to find out which one of those it's so
much better be interesting you I just
emotionally mentally feel so much better
eating it than I do knowing that
something came from like a big factory
farm it's just like it's called episode
1 80 teeth horns and claws and he sits
down with a wildlife biologist and
they're they're talking about why
animals grow things why they grow you
know antlers and why they why they let
go of their antlers and how you could
take animals from one area where it
looks like they have poor genetics is
their antlers are small and they move to
another place is more food than tobik so
this seems to be a direct correlation
between their diet right how much their
antlers grow so what they do with these
these animals most likely and I don't
know how all of them do it probably
probably vary but I know in the United
States like when they have deer farms
they feed them like a super high protein
diet out of these feeders and so these
animals eat this crazy high protein diet
in their antlers
just filled with minerals and like
antler bone is a weird thing it grows
faster than any known bone on earth um
so when you see a deer's antlers and
they're gigantic yeah that deer might
have just grown those over the last
three months really yes
jeez it's crazy especially easy elk
antler in particular because they let go
their antlers very late like antlers
fall off once they get done having sex
they don't need the antlers anymore
because the antlers are mostly to like
show do that's what I was gonna ask like
a bird like it yes it's floral it's to
attract but it also helps them in fights
with each other right because like the
male's will fight and they they want it
for the lady
yeah they kill each other all the time
specially elk you'll find Elks with like
puncture wounds and their sides where
they just jab each other yeah one of the
whole trip and the other one will run
his fucking antlers through its body
cavity so when these people are feeding
them this high-protein stuff is it for
the antlers or it's just just tubes for
the antlers it is yes it's so they
develop these freakish antlers because
then it's a trophy yes but it's there's
two schools of thought on this yeah
people that think that's great look at
the antlers mhm and then there's people
who are the purest people that would be
in a Steve Rinella camp that where I
find it grotesque and rarely find it a
direct evidence of a person meddling
with it like almost like yeah that's
what it kind of feels like right like
almost akin in a way to like an animal
that's wearing a collar mm-hmm like why
is so obviously manipulated by a person
like in wild they don't have like
squirrely crazy shit that grows all over
the place yeah if you find one in the
wild that has anything remotely like
that it's a freak of all freaks yeah
they do exist right in places that have
like amazing food and it would be more
special because it's out there it just
happened right these all take place
inside a fence
it's kind of sketch yeah it's a little
sketch yeah but a little meddlesome it's
troublesome because they also have to
hunt them right so what so one of the
problems is they will do these purges
where they fly over in helicopters with
certain species
uh-huh and they just got him down and
they ride them to rock why because they
took they have too many of them they're
devastating to the local flora all the
different plants and they'll just eat
through every there's no predators right
you don't want to import wolves and
start some crazy gang war sounds fun
there's a coyote coyotes in my
neighborhood are going nuts right now
they ripped apart a cat three of them on
one cat and somebody else lost one with
two coyotes they ganging up together and
they go after these my cat is staying
inside a lot cats have a terrible life
in the in the Hollywood area yeah it's
good yeah cats are there's real trouble
with these coyotes around where I know
they smell your cat yeah well your cat
is right they know when you count
they're they know when your cat's not
there you don't even have to see him
really oh yeah the wind's coming down
like say if your cat if your cat's in
your backyard and there's a coyote a
mile away on the street and the wind
hits that cat and blows towards that
coyote that coyote might be able to
smell it she's they they can smell some
insane amount of distance Wow
and you know if if the wind is blowing
right so it's blowing towards them they
can pick up these little things and next
thing you know they're there knowing
that you got something in your yard jeez
Louise
you know what the effective distance
with the way was related to me was like
you should consider the way a coyote
could smell or a bloodhound or any kind
of crazy dawn some out the way you smell
a skunk you smell skunk like a skunk
could be like rocks away yeah but you
fucking smell it's so strong you can
smell it like almost a mile away maybe
yeah maybe half mile yeah really a
little bit that's how dogs are with
everything with everything with your
feet it's a little smell your feet or
gas or puppy imagine they could smell
another dog taking a walk away like what
yeah motherfucker is it funny when
you're hanging with your dog and officer
their head goes up on my guns just
purely out of smelling something in the
distance yeah I was taking my dog out
today and it was amazing the stuff he
stops for yeah what fuckin going on with
this Bush I just freaked out yeah he
smelled many smell of it
like I have zero idea what he's dude
there was a possum here five hours ago
that's what they say about bears that
bears can not only smell you yeah they
can smell you hours later and know how
long it was that you pass through so
know whether or not it's worth going
after you jeez bears are the best they
just have they have a multiple I think I
want to say your bears nose is nine
times stronger than a bloodhounds what
yes I think that's the case really yeah
I think it's like nine times that's
amazing yeah so think about insane a
bloodhounds nose yeah see if that's true
that's what does it say Jess why they're
so manic I was looking at smaller ranges
and I typed in bear smaller range it
says it can smell a carcass from up to
20 miles away
Jesus Wow 20 miles yeah let's let's
bring those back what a good idea
fucking assholes you know California's
to have a lot of them Oh
Grizzlies Emma really oh yeah we killed
them all or not us but people in 1800s
wait that's our state flag bro and push
them up up north not push them off they
murdered them there's no pushing they
killed them all geez yeah the last time
a guy died at the hands of a grizzly
bear that was documented in California
was a guy I think his name is Steven
Levesque and there's a town up on the
way to Bakersfield if you ever gonna go
do a gig up and bake the Bakersfield
yeah it's great out there it is nice out
fun people it's got that cool desert
vibe you don't you're in the countries
yeah but anyway on the way up there
there's a town called Levesque and
Levesque was named after the last man to
get killed by a grizzly bear
oh really yeah and they they gue they
exhumed him many years later to see if
the story was true and yet his body was
destroyed like something bit through his
side a bone had mauled through that
yes you get tore apart by a bear there's
a new jersey right now they're having a
in North Jersey they're having a black
bear problem yeah you know why because
the government stopped the hunting on
bears the governor decided to stop the
bear hunt it was a part of him being
elected these people you're gonna come
face-to-face with the consequences of
not managing dangerous wildlife black
bears are dangerous wildlife they're
beer all over yes their problem yeah
beautiful they're amazing
it's definitely good to have them around
but you cannot let them overpopulate
without a management plan right and
that's what I think was the difference
between the way this guy was approaching
it in the way wildlife biologists were
approaching it they're approaching it
from an emotional issue they don't want
people to kill bears right but you have
to take if the bear becomes something
that kills you which it could at one
point in time I mean there was a kid
from Rutgers that got killed by a bear
rare years back it's very rare yeah very
rare that a person gets killed by a bear
but that shit can happen more often and
that very rare it's not gonna do you any
comfort it's if your kid turns up
missing right you know your kid can't be
in the backyard because bears might get
your kid that's real right you guys out
of your fucking mind
right like bears are giant wild dogs
that again like Jamie said can smell a
carcass 20 miles away get the fuck out
of here kill them all
yeah got them down don't let him don't
let him overtake your neighborhood I'm
not saying they shouldn't be in the
woods so that they should but they
should say they'll fuck out of like
suburbs suburb neighborhoods what the
problem also is that it's just growing
there's so many humans every year more
and more humans more and more
developments there's really not much
land for these animals that's an
interesting argument not that good
though but later this year like but it
hasn't expanded that much what's what's
happened is the populations of the
animals has risen but isn't it the but
there is sprawl there's more
developments and certainly sprawl in
comparison like the fifties sixties
seventies eighties and nineties yeah
what is happening now with these over
populations of animals is there's no one
doing anything about if you have bears
right they don't have a fucking there's
no predators for bears right they
occasionally eat each other we're gonna
do it all the time actually they kill
and eat each other all the time
especially Cubs
oh yeah males eat Cubs females are eat
their own
Cubs why did they get do that for what
we were in Alberta and one of the guys
that I was with my friend John his son
saw a bear kill a cub and then the
mother of the cub ate it
geez yeah it's with these guys this is
the life they live man there's a movie
character right there wild predators and
they're enormous
yeah several hundred pounds and if you
think it's cute to have millions of them
in a state you know that New Jersey has
the densest population of black bears in
all of North America really yeah New
Jersey right bananas that is it's also
the most densely populated for humans is
it really yeah really is the most
populated state because any populated
state yeah but as I mean there's a lot
of people there's a lot of wood still a
lot of woods there's a lot of places for
these things to live yeah you have bears
and there's nothing there's no wolves
and there's no there's no mountain lions
there's nothing taking the Bears out
there's just bears there's a crazy man
was deer - yeah a crazy amount I was
just there with my family there and we
were just driving around this summer
it's like they were just popping up
everywhere I mean the Bears probably
eating the shit out of them - it
responsible for the death of 50% of all
deer fawns bear stairs yeah they just go
around and eat the half of the deer
fawns good eaten by bears Wow yeah they
did do the study like where the where
deer fawns getting jacked it's like
mostly bears well I mean mountain lions
get him to lawns hanging out at the mall
but in a chick-fil-a but there's no
mountain lions in New Jersey so there's
no bears right the fawns there they're
all getting jacked by bears well that
was the big debate I believe when I was
there was they were thinking about
allowing bear hunting well what was a
big legal it was a big kerfuffle
whether an angle it's been leaked it was
like then it was this new governor made
it illegal right right but the people
that live there think it's terrible idea
to make it illegal to make it illegal I
get it I get people don't want bears to
die but you just have to understand
management you have to make wildlife
numbers when you're around people I mean
this idea that you shouldn't do that
because they should they should be here
because they were here first and we're
taking over their land you're right
you're right about all those things
you're right but we're team people right
but that's Tony we're dealing with right
exactly can't let many many bears move
in your area it's like in disaster they
can eat your garbage you're gonna get
scared someone's gonna get bit someone
could die yeah I mean and and it
accelerates with the population increase
right whatever it is I mean there's a
wild video from fuck what Far Rockaway
which is oh really yeah and these two
bears
that's an innings that's like New York
these two bears get in that they'd start
duking it out she's okay no that's not
the Far Rockaway one um there's a is
that Far Rockaway is that what it says
okay Far Rockaway New Jersey okay this
is a different one but it's the same
this is brand-new
grizzly these are big bears I always
picture them smaller these are more than
200 pounds whoa that's what it looks
like to me I'm looking at them easy 200
plus pound bears
it's like Jamie times two well there's
another one where these these bears
fight worth I'm not bullshitting the
Bears look like 400-pound bears they're
fucking enormous and they not know this
they knock over this mailbox and they
crash into some garbage they're so big
dude and they spill out on the street
while cars are there oh my god bars or
watches and you get a real perspective
sense yeah big they are with the cars
right right I'm guessing 300 pounds-plus
maybe 400 pound they gotta be fast
people's y'all got another one with two
giant bears in the same area oh my god
from earlier this year I'm talking I
know the ones different we're out up a
few times so this is another one yeah my
sister had a whole family just walking
down her street
dude this this is gonna be a problem
yeah and they're gonna have to hire
people to go and kill these things all
it will take is one person getting eaten
well at the Taco Bell it could be a lot
of different things could be people's
dogs yeah this was the original video
that I saw so these do their fighting
right outside these people's house and
then they Duke it out they Duke it out
they eventually crash into the mailbox
let's shake the camera work yeah well
this is terrifying this the Duke also
though this is like a good sign that
these were
old-ass fucking cameras this is like
before they really had stabilization on
cell phone camera right yes eyes these
fucks yeas and they're just fighting
it's on the streets on all these pedia
yeah no man this is what happens when
you don't let people hunt them Wow oh
this is what happens if you don't hunt
them enough you got a man approached yes
dude it's fucking dangerous man these
are wild animals and these people that
live there are soft ass domesticated
people oh yeah they're not like us they
don't know how to fight back that is
massive these are big big those are big
bears that's not what I pictured like
you ever go to the black bear diner be
able say I'm out here looking tape like
all these wooden bears it's really cool
look at this they make them look so
adorable they were hats they've got
vests on I didn't see them crashing
anything maybe I was wrong about that
maybe it's another one wow there's so
many of these videos bears fighting
again you know Alaska takes it one step
further though one of my favorite videos
is oh yeah we say they did knock into
something oh it's no Wells invasive Jim
in Alaska say you can shoot them in
their den now I don't think wasn't that
the thing oh oh thanks yeah that's what
I heard
once they're trying to get rid of
certain number of them mm-hmm what I was
going to talk about was moose in
people's driveways there's this a crazy
fight where this guy sitting in front of
his car yeah in the morning sitting in
his car in front of his house in the
morning and he's filming these gigantic
moose duking it out on the front lawn
yes they are fucking in normal shoes and
they're smashing antlers right on this
guy's there it is look at this look at
this man whoa this is fucking crazy
they're so big they crash into that car
okay fuck that car up but imagine this
is your house and you're watching two
huge moose
she is like this this would like to live
in a place like that well you can move
to Anchorage last it would be fun
you'd move right next to Sarah Palin
micash we live the cat's fucked my cat
wouldn't make it cap comes an indoor cat
locker in the house when you open the
door don't let her out everything yeah
look at these things man they don't bro
oh we got him on his back takedown
they're so big man these are so
so you this guy's running it on the
cameras this is like this how you put in
perspective right a deer is like maybe
like a access to yours like maybe 150
pounds right and elk a big one is like
closing in a thousand pounds yeah 800
900 pounds a moose is twice that big
twice that big I said big 1,800 2,000
pounds sometimes Oh Mike a big male
moose like those moose right there
easily have been six hundred sixteen
hundred pounds 76 pounds they're so big
and those are big ones man they had
giant antlers yeah see how wide their
antlers on yeah yeah you see what that's
like a fully mature moose oh man they're
fucking enormous I came around a bend on
my motorcycle in Maine once there was
just a moose just standing there in the
middle like it was like a wall it was
like I think there's a wall in the
middle of the road and it was a gigantic
moose Greg Fitzsimmons did this gig in
New Hampshire and they told you told him
they couldn't swear so Greg when he was
young as he is today it was a smartass
but yeah today's professional changed he
was just kind of learning the smartass
crap so he immediately opened up with
hey what's going on fuckers like of
course doesn't doesn't clean up his act
at all and they sent him home but what
was crazy was on the way up there they
were telling him do not drive at night
because of the moose rise you could hit
a moose but he goes after the my show
they were so mad at me they're like fuck
you go drive in the dark in New
Hampshire with the moose out I just
loved the picture of a young Fitzsimmons
I'm such a smartass such a smartass I've
known Greg since we literally started
out like within a week of each other oh
really you an open mic no no I got him
early in New York do we did so many
shitty gigs together he was he was a he
was he was mean Greg is cutting girl I
mean I always got a little nice but no
but he had that you know he had
Fitzsimmons attitude where he's if he
locks it on you you're toast oh yeah
yeah
and you know I help ya suppose of you
know if you're not if you're cocky
ya know I'm you don't know me
motherfucker it's in here that joke yeah
it's a hilarious but I just got a lot of
hilarious I tell them every time I see
him it's the best it's the best bit of
the year yeah I think Greg and I
probably we I don't know how many gigs
we did together but for like the first
few years of our comedy when we're
really starting to get like road gigs
yeah yeah we did a shit ton of them
together including open mic nights man
we just drive all the way down to Rhode
Island we drive to Providence Rhode
Island to work they'll do like 10
minutes for free yeah of course yeah
we're so excited I've been five minutes
who would drive whoever whoever's fuckin
car worked right me and Greg and this
other dude were in a car and the the
other dude starts talking about
vibrators in his ass and about how much
is his girlfriend likes to put vibrators
in his ass and we're and we're saying
this another comment uh-huh this comic
is telling us this crazy store I mean
we're trapped this guy all the way to
Maine driving and he's in the backseat
talking about taking in the ass with
vibrators like what we didn't get that
close like this is it's a weird time to
bring up the subject conversation it's
like I'm not averse to that subject I'm
not averse to you discussing I don't
think but play first of all I don't
think it's anything wrong with being gay
and I don't think but play makes you gay
so let's let's just like it's just it's
intimate it's an intimate oh runner
let's soothe all those worries right
there okay I'm fine like whatever here
no problem with you getting your butt
touched and I've no problem with you
being gay this is just not what I'm
talking about
this is like why you're driving this is
slow yeah my girl she loved it but
vibrators in my asshole like what hello
how do you do nice to meet you my
girlfriend I mean we knew this guy but
we didn't know this guy like know this
guy him as much as I knew Greg and if
Greg was telling me that with in a car
with somebody else I'd like why he told
me what this other dude is here
this is something you don't want
everybody to know yeah ixnay on the ass
play yes it doesn't see much would want
to broadcast out to just random
strangers it's in this learning wanted
us to know that his girl like to put
vibrators in his asshole and we were in
a we were trapped with this guy and
sadly he wasn't that good of a comedian
either boy yeah neither were any of us
back then but we were a little better
than him right he was on this he was in
this range there's a range that happens
with early comedy young con which coming
up with you're like oh I don't know if
you're ever gonna get out of this yeah
no you can see pretty quickly sometimes
some of us you suck in the beginning but
you have a hint yeah there's something
there something that ya know exactly
Kyle Dunnigan and I did it show early on
for a high school in New Jersey and we
drove out there and they'd same thing
just be really clean make sure it's
really clean it's got to be clean and
Kyle went up I went up and I you're
bombing because it's high school kids
you don't have a great act to begin with
and it's all high school children and
you have nothing to relate to them and
they don't want to listen to a man
talking and probably thirty to something
like that
I don't know thirty five and I'm just
bombing and just trying to get through
it and then and then Kyle comes out and
he's whole time backstage she's like do
I do the my songs do I do my songs I'm
like you know I don't know whatever it
works you know just try and keep it
clean he comes down he sings this song
it was about the Irish parade the st.
Patrick's Day parade song like in an
Irish brogue and one life list if it was
about though with that they were
allowing they were debating whether or
not homosexuals could march in the
parade that was a big thing in New
Yorker V for like a decade Andy Kyle had
a funny song about it and the line was
if your ass if your if if my cock is if
my cock is the ladle your ass be the
stew like song is like an iron if your
cock
let me ask me this too and I just hear
him like starting to get to it he goes
into it it's the first thing that the
audience loves the kids are so excited
by fast-forward the show's over we're
gonna get paid and a high school
principal is livid he's got he has a
Winnie the Pooh tada and there's two
girls there's T's got a Winnie the Pooh
- hi he's purpley so angry and he's
yelling at us what are these our
children your ass your cock is the ladle
and there's and there's food girls they
made us cupcakes and had construction
paper saying thank you for performing at
our school as stars and oh my god they
don't know whether they should give us
the treats or not because the principal
is just yelling at it but these are high
school oh so funny these are high school
kids though we got the check yes high
school kids Darren knew those things
that's where they laughed oh of course
of course but he couldn't sanction it
but Kyle just you know you're dying and
you have you have no you have no
material so what else is he gonna do he
had to break out the song yeah there's
nothing else you can do right you just
trying to survive and get paid get out
of there
yeah you got to survive you got to take
it on the chin hey you gotta come on my
radio show I got oh yeah didn't you say
you do it at 7:00 in the morning 7:00 to
9:00 why do you got to do that well I
don't know you should do it when you're
awake I know he wants to be good it's
really early does it stream live or
something yeah it's unserious okay it's
Netflix as a joke radio you know they
have they run them on I was so confused
on the network's radio I was thinking
that Netflix was going to have its own
radio channel well you have a Netflix
channel that at their own radio channel
that's what I was thinking like oh you
like it was gonna get a comedy yeah like
a like a new thing that they're doing
it's like raw dog on Sirius XM or comedy
great series to listen to now yeah
that's what's thinking that you could
listen to it on the Netflix app because
you know so many people listen to
Netflix on their phones now oh really
yeah so many people watch specials I
think they said they're like 50% of
people to watch my Netflix special
watched on phone
Wow yeah they're actually even many
people are formatting their specials to
make them better to watch on phones Wow
interesting
yeah I like them the way they're
shooting it in terms of like with how
they zoom in on the shot
what shots they choose real yeah they're
doing it so you could look at it on you
know fucking Samsung Galaxy that's an
s10 plus or something you know so to
have all these specials from all these
people so they started their own channel
and I have the first radio show on it
uh-huh and it runs seven to nine out
here and then and then two to four so
it's drive time here in the morning and
drive time in New York in the afternoon
mmm and you and fortune fortune fortune
themed stir yeah she's so fun she's
verified love her some very cool person
yeah they were like who do you want you
know to do this with you and I and she
was on the short list I was like oh done
she always seems very friendly she's
really funny she's just merged too few
murders murders on stage she's so funny
she's very very funny her instagrams
really funny is that she dances she does
ice cream dance it's quick she always
gets an ice cream cone and dances along
with it we need to get her and for him
together yeah work out but it's cool cuz
it's all comedy it's all comedians
coming in talking about their specialist
talking about comedy and yeah it's
pretty fun but it's early it's why they
make you do that I know I'm not sure if
it's really necessary yeah you got to
put your foot down you could do it the
night before and have it run in the
morning because we're not like doing
hard news you could just bypass that
system and do a podcast I do have a
podcast I know you do but do it like do
it in the podcast form yeah just do a
successful podcast you have a specific
contract for a certain amount of time
I'm not trying to get you out of here
yeah we're gonna do it for a year and
then it is fun I am enjoying it but it's
good buddy you know what it's gonna mess
with my spots during the week oh yeah
yeah that's what we're saying I was
saying if you wanted to do the Improv
tomorrow night you said you really can't
cuz you got to get up early in the
morning I could do an early show I can't
do late shows
tensho starts at 10:30 I don't know what
to tell you I'm gonna move everything
back for you why I thought we were
friends you shouldn't have a job like
that preposterous job you're up at 7:00
in the morning talking it's crazy yeah
it's doing morning radio all the time if
I'm up at 7:00 in the morning I'm
exercising I'm not I want to get things
done first I don't want to just wake up
and talk Hey hold I can't remember names
my memories 50% is good when I first
wake up really yeah 50% starts sorry
she's terrible you hit me with a pop
quiz how long does it take you to dust
off the cobwebs I don't know I often
thought about that right now I often
thought about like how dumb I am during
the day if there's like a meter yeah you
could like see like now he's getting
smarter getting stream in the afternoon
I'll feel pretty fucking good you know
but somewhere around late at night and
everything starts to fall apart in early
the morning everything falls apart
what's late at night for you like one
ish 1:30 I don't work out at 1:30 in the
morning yeah I really don't have the
energy to work out it means physically
work yeah
like sometimes I'll be writing at 1:30
in the morning and I can write at 1:30
in the morning but if I had to go
through one of my workout routine like a
physical activity like a real work yeah
I can't do it that's retired
well you shouldn't it's 1 o'clock in the
morning right but that's that's letting
you know that there's a cycle to where
you have energy right and where you
don't have energy we wake when you're
not awake yeah yeah but some people they
perform way better late in the afternoon
like I used to feel that way about
jiu-jitsu class like early-morning
jiu-jitsu class that was terrible I just
couldn't get my body warmed up that's oh
really
yeah I didn't like them but the evening
was like an 8:30 class I was peeking no
interesting yeah I'm better working out
early yeah yeah it's like after lunch
was a typical Tom pop a day like how do
you start your day radio day or no radio
day regularly off parts well
I guess we're fast forwarding to noon
okay give me a read up on a non radio
day okay non right non radio day I get
up at 7:00
damn I get up at 7:00 I go upstairs a
soldier I make coffee I get one cup of
coffee do you play classical music
softly once in a while yeah usually I
picture you OCD butter in your toast no
I don't I don't eat straight away it's a
straight black coffee
into the office of an office and I try
and write I sit at the desk I call going
into the shop and I sit there and I
write and I make sure that there's no
appointments until noon anything I'm
going to do I don't do until noon except
if I'm gonna go for a run or workout
I'll put in a couple hours
and then when I start to fade I'll uh
I'll go for a run and then come back and
continue hmm I skip something sorry
before the coffee if I'm up early enough
and the house isn't up I'll meditate
first 20 minutes before even right
before I coffee before I write really
yeah
wake up water in the face maybe brush
teeth up into the office and then take
20 right away mmm
because it's more restful than sleep so
even if you had like a bad night's sleep
you're tossing or whatever was going on
you're now ready to to go through the
day what kind of meditation you doing
TM hmm until meditation but
Transcendental Meditation there there's
a weird thing about that right some
people think it's kind of cult II it's
not cult it's not called it there's no
there's no leaders right but it wasn't
there wasn't there some controversy with
TM a while back you think so no my
misconstruing it was something else
yeah no to it that's why I like I don't
I'm very into it I'm doing it for a long
time it's great I but I don't I like
yoga I like all that kind of stuff
unless you can hit a little hippie
dippie with it and a little too preachy
and then I'm out yeah
me too and this is totally basic simple
when I was taught it there was nothing
you know hippie dippie flaky about know
what's man that hippie dippie flaky shit
it's only it only feels shitty if the
person's not really living that life and
you can kind of feel it mmm not bullshit
yes there was this guy used to take
classes from Saint Peters from South
Africa mm-hmm oh it took his classes a
few times but he was like one of those
genuinely spiritual people right and he
would say these things and you could
tell he wasn't trying to manipulate you
or namaste you or Satnam or he wasn't
trying to bullshit you that's yeah and
then there was another guy that needs to
take classes with it it felt like he was
always bullshitting ready always it was
so a night now and he wound up banging
this other dudes wife of course him a
giant disaster he's that guy with the
good acoustic guitar making eye contact
was so funny too that he would sing sing
in classes of course of course now
there's you can you can smell it and
that's why I had a hard time with yoga
until I found this one teacher and she
was just great it's the same thing with
the contribution here it is cult
controversy or something yeah while ago
yeah okay yeah with TM can we make them
a little larger I can barely read that
shit yeah that's really small but say
the organ organization have been the
subject of controversy labeled a cult by
several parliamentary enquiries or
anti-cult movements of the world some
also suggest that TM its movement are
not a cult TM movement has been
characterized in a variety of ways has
been called a spiritual movement a new
religious movement a millennia in any
area mmm world affirming world affirming
movement social movement a Grusin terd
movement how a new book exposes the dark
side of Transcendental Meditation I
don't even understand where you would
have liked where it would happen like
there's no place to go honestly in
ignorant of it so explain it to us yeah
there's nothing it's very you know I
tried meditating in all these different
ways and this was this kind of made it
very simple
it doesn't just Seinfeld do this - yes
yeah he's actually the one that that got
me into it and for a long time I was
thinking well I meditate I
humph breath side kind of do it then I
wasn't really feeling maybe I was I was
always had in my head that maybe TM is
different maybe maybe going and learning
that would kind of dial it in to classes
on it
so I took four classes you went to saw
this guy here in California and just go
for an hour for four days in a row and
he teaches you what to do it and the
analogy is that there's this the reality
is just in this tumultuous ocean waves
we're on the top we're on the surface
that's where we live and this is just a
way through a mantra to get you down
below the waves to sit for 20 minutes
and it's very freeing because there's no
there's no controlling your mind there's
no forcing it to come back and count
breaths as know you're never you're not
you're not thinking about what you have
to do you just do the mantra do the
mantra and then let it go and if your
brain starts thinking about work and
thinks about work if it starts thinking
about your wife inside just let it be
let it be let it be and 20 minutes you
pop out of it and you feel not right
away
I don't feel changed immediately like
I'll feel you know I have an Apple watch
and my heart rate is low
I think it's 40 to 50 all the time or
when you do now when I'm doing that how
much is it normally probably like 80
what's it right now mmm how long does it
take to find that out it's gonna take a
while hey Siri it's at 80 80 yeah and
you get down to 40 when you yeah yeah
yeah oh yeah it's very calming and it
just kind of like gives your nervous
system a respite that's pretty heavy
it's pretty great it gives me a lot of
energy activate Siri by saying hey Siri
something oh yeah my series I didn't
catch that series uh paint now people
right now screaming at me because their
cars what would you like me to do yeah
but I don't feel it like right away but
but like I'll notice it hours later that
I have more energy
like I'm still going what is the price
how do you do it I just sit and what's
the mantra
everyone has an individual mantra tell
us you much I can't come on bro what if
someone's a gigantic Tom Papa fan they
want you to want to do everything that
you do well that's true
it's jellybeans that's what you say no
it's just the noise we might be weird if
you just kept saying Jerry Seinfeld
[Laughter]
sourdough sourdough
sourdough would be cool it's our it's a
delicious food so no but it wouldn't be
nearly as weird right so I'm tout so I
do it first thing in the morning 20
minutes and then sometime in the late
afternoon so can you explain all you do
is you sit and just chant your mantra in
my mind and you don't say it out loud
don't say no okay so as you're just
repeating the mantra in your mind you
just try to stay on path of just keeping
I just keep saying it and when I don't
try and stay on a path I don't force
anything I just keep saying it but if
your brain rig you got a great idea for
a new bit do you let it happen let it go
okay to write the bit down or you know
no oh you're risk you know I'm not that
great of a comedian suppose I fucking
been laying in bed and I was too tired
to get up and I would wait I'd say I'm
gonna run our yeah it definitely didn't
know and and yeah 20 minutes and I'm
telling you it my one friend described
it is it's adds another four hours to
your day Wow and it's really true when I
when you call me today last minute to
come in I took 20 before I came because
I was dragging I went for a run this
morning I meditated this morning but
then I went for a run I came back I was
writing and you called and you're like
can you come on over I was like yeah
that's cool but let me drop 450
minutes before I get in the club we did
you meditated for 15 minutes yeah Wow do
you do that before sets if I'm tired
yeah if like it's towards the end of the
day and I've got something that you know
at night that's a little later does it
help you make decisions yes how did you
still make the decision to do a radio
show at 7:00 in the morning because I'm
not afraid of it because I know that I
can meditate and I'll have energy how
many days a week I don't have to worry
about getting a good night's sleep ever
no that's great I can meditate and then
I'll be okay for the show that's crazy
I can't do that yes you can you should
go you should go okay really yeah I'd
love to
I'll hook you up with the guy can I just
watch a YouTube video is that good
enough now I've learned so much from
YouTube though have you yes it's true
[Laughter]
you know what there is this mystery
about it and I would research it and I
was like maybe like why can't I just
learn it mister the only difference is
having this man explain it to you it
kind of dials it in and I went back once
since I learned it initially just to
kind of tune up tune up hmm there's not
that much but it's just you know they
give you a little bit you know it's like
playing tennis or something they're like
now just hold it like this alright okay
we're like in yoga they like you think
you're doing this but your elbows are
out just yeah I'm fighting them in
that's big in yoga like sometimes the
instructor will give you one thing
she'll say one thing about your with the
way you're standing or the way you keep
your weight you're like oh yeah and then
you just change it just slightly yeah
right my god it's so much harder I know
which you never would have learned at
home yeah it's kind of a similar thing
and it just an overtime so that's what
it is on a daily basis but overtime it
it makes you more chill things don't
bother me the way they used to bother me
just day-to-day aggravations
normal bullshit there's it's there's
it's um you slowly transform without
realizing it do you know who Dan Harris
is Sam Harris
dan Harris dan Harris from no from what
is this show Nightline is that wheeze on
anyway he'd been on the podcast for a
really nice guy he's got out
is it night hland he's got an app called
10% happier mm-hmm and it's just a
meditation app honey and just he wants
people to know that it's been super
beneficial to him so he talks about it
often talked about on my podcast and he
actually used the tank he's oh yeah yeah
he's the only guy other than me that's
ever used that tank I want to use the
tank okay this was a weird thing afraid
to fucking everybody but Dan Harris the
only one who said I'm in let's do it
when you called me today I was online
looking at tanks
do you have room in your house for one
no that thing's big big it's big it's
hotter than I thought well you know
wanna be cold in there no it's true it's
94 degrees 94 yeah that's what you want
that's about this about the temperature
of the surface of your skin somewhere in
that range
how did he like it how long do I stay in
there for an hour you could say as long
as you want the most I ever do those two
hours I've done more on edibles oh
really I couldn't move stay put you ate
edibles and went in there Oh many times
really oh for sure yeah yeah that sounds
kinda crazy it's crazy edibles have a
unique visual quality when you're in a
sensory deprivation tank because the
tank enhances any sort of any sort of
sensory experience many psychedelic
experience is enhanced by the tank right
because the tank removes the environment
it removes the world right and it puts
you in this place where you don't see
anything or hear anything or feel
anything you're just flying through
space with the ear things and I don't I
just let saltwater get in my ears that's
what I saw online they put a little I
just rinsed my ears out after it's over
and seems to be fun right and just float
you have to keep your head up I like my
ears in the water it doesn't bother me I
put my ears in the water when I swim too
it's like yeah I mean not you're wearing
earplugs when I swim in the ocean why am
i wearing earplugs when I play in this
tank I thought it was an audio thing
that you're trying to shut out noise can
you can't do it but I'm always aware of
the plugs they kind of fuck with the bow
of your head yeah I go that yeah there's
an but if you had something over the ear
well anyway you can you you can do it
but some people like it that way some
people use the one you don't have to no
you don't have to some people actually
get them form fitted to their ear so
they slide in really easily you barely
even notice that they're there and my
understanding is that you lay like
you're floating you don't have to
support yourself you don't you shit your
neck your head and open nothing just
yeah you have to do it I can't believe
you've never done it before and ya know
I'm really super easy it's right here
and you tell me one alright we'll open
it up that'd be great
so there's a shower in that room it's so
it's real easy you just have to lay
there and just slow down and just
concentrate on your breathing and if you
already have your TM routine know that
I'm sure you could do it in there yeah
just doing they're probably amazing
right you'd want to buy a house with a
extra garage bay hey yeah guy had one
like actually I knew a guy who had one
in a I didn't know him but I knew the
guy who installed it the guy installed a
shed in his backyard just so we could
have the tank freely yeah so he bought
like you know I got tool shed that you
could buy and build when he built the
shed had electricity plumbed out to it
got like you know must have got some
sort of a building permit and then
plugged this fucking tank into the shed
and that's where you know cuz he wanted
one so bad in his house and he didn't
have any room ins actual house how often
do you do it and what does it give you
well I do whatever I can
it's what I like is once a week if I get
once a weekend they'll be awesome wow
that's a lot lately I haven't been
lately it's been more like once a month
right but when I do get in it I just I
just can have a better perspective it
makes it calms me down right it puts me
into this place where things I'm not
connected to the world anymore so I feel
like I can look at the world from an
outside perspective and you can do to
carry that with you when you leave you
mean you carry something I mean all
these things are accumulative yeah you
know all the books you read the
documentaries you you watch all the
conversations you have with insightful
people all those things have in a
accumulation effect right like you as
you become exposed to more things
talk to more cool people and listen to
more cool ideas and have these cool
conversations with people your your
perspective enhances yeah it just does
now it does it's like it seeps in yeah
yeah no I totally buy it I think we
should think of your perception the same
way think we think about other skills
that like some people are really good at
running with a football right super hard
to take them down just they're so good
anticipating your moves and getting out
of the way and and and they have they
have everything down right yeah I think
that's the same way with everything and
everything including your own
perceptions of life and your own the way
you view and the way you manage your own
life I think you can get really good at
it where things coming your way you just
whoop not today motherfucker
no shit not me again me yeah yeah and
then or you could be that person who's
like you know super uncoordinated
unathletic kid all reaction yeah who is
trying to tackle a super athlete you
know no a hundred percent I think we're
seeing about it that because the the one
way is thoughtful the other way is
thoughtless yes that's the think that
seems to be like kind of the key for
just paying attention to that aspect of
your life that definitely has an effect
on it yeah what I'm saying is also that
that is definitely true but what I'm
saying is also that I think the way you
interface with life is a skill and I
think we don't think of it as a skill
yeah we don't think of it as something
you get better at or that we even try to
get better at and right this includes
the way you communicate with people yeah
that includes like the friendships that
you have and the making sure your
friends know that you love them making
sure your friends know you care about
them like all these things are this is a
part of the way you live life like and
yeah you get better at this as a skill
you only think of skills as things that
we've decided to do right I want to play
piano oh my god you skill at playing
piano I'm a really good golfer oh you
have golfing skill right you don't think
of like the way you interface with
people and the way you don't think of
that as a skill no I know which is we
should yes absolutely that's what I
always think of that in terms of like
the interpersonal stuff just in basic
manners
like there used to be real guidelines
for how you said hello to somebody and
when you took your hat off and yes how
you said goodbye and all those little
all those what we're perceived as stuffy
mannerly things that people had to do
stuck-up people had to do they're
helpful they're really like how to act
at a funeral how to act at a birthday
party all those that will rule etiquette
exactly and if there's to teach Clark
courses and etiquette yes and without it
it's kind of like it's stupid not to
play with it because we all we need a
bit of all the stuff we're talking about
is creating your own little guidebook to
get through life do you think they still
teach etiquette in any high schools is
Addison a focus of study we have known
we have such little money for schools
they're getting rid of art they're
getting rid of gym there's probably
there's probably not a lot of etiquette
that seems like a critical life skill
though it is it really it really is
because how you so one of the things
that's true is how people how much
people enjoy being around you that makes
your life more enjoyable and people
don't think of it that way they
oftentimes think I want to be the one
that's enjoying life like especially
selfish people right they think of what
they want
uh-huh right right but if people enjoy
being around you right you'll enjoy
everything more this is what they don't
understand like the the solo effort
that's right of going through life like
with a narcissistic perspective yeah one
of the major problems with that is
there's no one to share it with cuz
you're all out for yourself that's right
even if you get there you're gonna be
filled with sadness and despair that's
right it's not what you want what you
want us to be happy right well I know
you think that you have to be all about
yourself to be happy but in fact that is
a way to ensure unhappiness regardless
of success that's right
that's the mindfuck yeah exactly that's
the mindfuck well you think that these
small things wouldn't have a big effect
on you right you think that well like
having a sense of community going to the
same shops all the time you would think
that's just me doing errands no you're
now connected to the woman that works at
that pharmacy you're connected to that
at the grocery store you're connected to
that person at the church whatever it is
in your little world and you think
you're just going about your day but
you're not you're getting enriched by
these by these interactions with you
dealing with the other human beings in a
in a nice manner is rewarding and it
gives you a sense of place it gives you
a sense of belonging a sense of love all
of those things so you have to learn
that yourself that's the problems trip
but that's yet nobody guides you along
that path it's an important perspective
I mean it really is it's it's an
important angle on life they look at it
this way and you'll benefit greatly and
you also bring up those around you yeah
that's and also bring up those around
you benefits you greatly that's
everybody yeah and when you're in a
position where you can help your friends
in that way and you support each other
and you build each other up when that
person has success you get great joy
like great satisfaction from seeing your
friends succeed Yeah right people have a
hard time especially I mean I don't know
how it was when you were starting out
comedian but I had a hard time with
other people's success when I first
started out and I think resulted because
nothing was happening for me right I was
like god damn it how did he get that
show oh my god how did he get there
right it's a dumb way to look at it and
I had to recognize that it was dumb I
had to learn me too
just by paying attention to myself going
why don't what is wrong with you like I
will occasionally talk to myself as if
I'm me outside of me huh what the fuck
is this it's like something it's the
only way to really look at yourself
right it's hard to do but if you just
how would I feel if I wasn't me if I was
outside of me watching me right I'd be
like what do you what are you bitching
about that guy's a fucking idiot you're
not even working on yourself you sitting
here complaining about stuff yeah but
that's default for so many people
well that's envy right right and it's
very easy to have when you're
discovering yourself and trying to make
your way and yeah as a comedian and
you're like well I'm doing all the right
things people laugh at me why did that
guy just show up and he's on MTV and I'm
not sure I mean and that also exists in
in haters right like when you see
someone especially when it comes to
kourt's teams you see some of the guys
that are like sports haters or they'll
call this guy a pussy and this guy
fucking sucks and he's a bum and he's
this and he's yeah how much effort are
you putting into your own life right how
much are you putting into shitting on
this guy well it's easier to do that
Yeah right there instant gratitude yeah
gratification rather I remembered I had
I had the same thing that you did I was
in New York I was working at the Comedy
Cellar and I was just getting angry and
frustrated I couldn't get on Conan I
wanted to get on I just wanted to get on
it and it wasn't until I stopped paying
attention to what everyone else was
doing consciously like told myself don't
even go in the room don't even don't
read about other people just blinders
put blinders on this is just you and
your little path enjoy yourself and go
about it try and really shut it out yeah
and that's when everything got correct
and when it got correct that's when I
got Conan that's when all these things
started happening cuz I was only worried
about myself and then later on now you
have perspective you can watch other
people and actually have joy that these
people are doing these things Conan is
the nerd Seal of Approval
and I mean that in a good way like
you're smart comedian and you get Conan
that's like damn you nailed that you got
the smart show that's the smart show
yeah it was always I did it yeah isn't
the first one was in New York
yeah oh when when he was in New York
might one of my friends was writing for
him in the early early early early early
days yeah well he was so creative like
he had such a yeah he was a real funny
writer and they everything came from
that you know so you wanted to be a part
like if you couldn't be hacky and get on
the show so like you had to be working
you had to try and be unique like it was
a seal of approval that you were comedic
ly unique yeah and that was important I
knew a couple guys who work for him
Brian Kylie I think yeah he's still
there yeah he's still there yeah yeah
Brian I mean Laurie Gil Martin oh I
don't know Laurie but I knew another guy
amir amir go long mm-hmm he is a stage
name was stage name was James lemur
funny dude you know yeah but he worked
for him and
when he and I were friends and I went to
one of the early tapings it was weird to
see because they they had scripted
conversations now eventually the he went
on to become so comfortable on stage
where he just would ask questions and
then play off and riff and write but in
the early days they had their
conversation scripted
what do you mean the cover so like him
and a guess and no and what's-his-face
the guy his sidekick Andy Ricky yeah
him and Andy Richter would have would be
reading off cue cards
oh really yeah so they they would know
what they were going to say well
basically doing like a sketch
that's a rye toast right yeah it's like
they had written out the jokes right but
it was like of course the network wanted
that because they wanted to make sure it
was funny how do you know it's not funny
write it right take a chance you guys
are gonna be funny it's just so funny
because they seem like such naturally
funny
yeah like but it's hard when you have
all these people on your back to free
yourself up to like to fail well the
early days of any kind of a new talk
show are so risky yeah it's like who the
fuck knows where this is gonna go he was
one of the only guys that like figured
out a way to break into that system
right like George Lopez did for a little
while yeah but that late-night system
it's a fucking hard thing to do it's a
grind it's a joy because it's everybody
does a version of the same show that
Jack Paar did in like nineteen yes hero
and yes and yet like trying to do
something completely different
mm-hmm fails a lot of the time yeah but
they all have a desk
yeah there's a desk to get desk sits
next to them a desk which is a fucking
holy weird way you'd have a conversation
if he came over a guy's house yeah and
he's above you in a desk it's an
elevated desk lifter elevated no
elevators but you know what's weird is
like when James Corden does it like just
they're all on chairs and there's no
desk it's just like leading into each
other that's weirder
we're
yeah yeah I don't see your legs I
watched it once it was like three people
on the couch together I'm like what the
fuck is happy we're going on strange
yeah it's it's weird
well I'm so spoiled by podcasts yes so
spoiled by no time constraints yeah I'm
so spoiled alright by all of it but you
know it's uh it's kind of yeah you
spoiled is when Bernie was on last week
I listened to your Bernie episode it was
so good because I never got to hear him
just breathe
yes to just hear him talk yes he's super
reasonable anybody just to hear them
just go for a length of time you really
get to know who they are when you're
trying even in these late-night shows
it's just boom boom pop pop pop pop pop
sound bites and bites sound bite you
don't really get a sense of who these
people are it's impossible I'm sure some
people listening right now wish this was
Thomas a sound tight but no but you
think like if you were on a show right
now like one of those panel shows was
five people on they come to you real
quick and you have like 15 seconds of
talk and you're worried that someone
else is gonna jump in and try to stomp
on your punchline right which does
happen if you're trying to do a show and
it was like just us and our friends
right the fight goes like Chris D'Elia
was in the air and Bryan Callen was in
here we were all talking like men you
you you better get something out quick
many other people in the room yeah this
is what those debates are like it's a
condensed version that's right of a
conversation and you also have an actual
physical time limit like you have
seconds to respond and then and then
they start talking over you I know time
is up mr. senator mr. senator your
time's up mr. senator okay I know you
fuck it's no weights it's no way to
really understand people and you have to
be a forceful moderator but then when
you are a forceful moderator you're like
injecting yourself into this
conversation yeah America doesn't want
that's good way to people to hate you
it's why people hate you it's gonna
fucking hate you everyone's gonna hate
your guts
yeah it's it's one of those weird
ancient holdovers from the past
is wholly and completely unnecessary and
and in fact probably kind of fucking
dangerous
because your your you don't ever get a
chance to see what a person's actually
like you just give us a chance to see
their show will you listen Donald Trump
show like Donald Trump a show I'd lock
you up you'd be in jail like that kind
of shit right everybody cheers roars
that's a show it's who's best at
television right right right
and he's a fucking television guy he's a
television star than those clowns a star
yes it was like wall TV when he came
through and was debating against the
Republicans in the in that run-up to in
in all those debates he got up there
like a comedian he was like I'm gonna
talk about I'm in the moment yes I'm
gonna call everything out I'm not gonna
play this BS of all your little
etiquette that you've got going on and
he it he was a star he was a story knows
how to work it so till does this Biden
thing that he's doing now he's
constantly making friend a Biden called
him sleepy Joe Biden and he shows like
some misquote that Biden said does
anybody something about what we're here
for the facts not the truth or something
like that what is the crazy Biden quote
that he had that everybody's been making
fun of listen this I say stupid shit all
the time
everybody does who talks a lot but they
talk a lot you're gonna jumble your
words together I do it all the time of
course but if you're running for
president man they find something like
that a jumble here a jumble there you
better be ready to defend yourself
that's right but that's the thing you
someone has to act the way he acts exam
you've got to be in the moment you got
to call things I could be honest here
comma you got to be a comic yeah trumped
when he was running he reminded me of
like the comics from Long Island big
loud insult comics Biden tells other
words we choose truth over facts what
was I mean I wrote that truth over fat
I'd like to see what he said how he said
it
how did he say yeah cuz he might have
been like we truth suit truth choose
truth over facts and that's not good
time to get up everybody knows who
Donald Trump is even as supporters know
who he is we got to let it know who we
are we choose unity
our division we choose science over
fiction we choose truth over facts and
so folks if you're interested join me
look we all mess up a line here in the
seems like a remote control with a
shitty battery it's kinda getting the
volume but not quite a high change the
channels that you gotta move it around
bro he's got so little juice left in the
tank I know Donald Trump will chew him
up unless he gets a good doctor you need
a good doctor he's get on steroids
immediately don't you think trying to
take something for sure yeah you can't
be that age and not be able you got to
take something oh he's got billions of
dollars why wouldn't he take some course
he's supposedly he has been on some sort
of form of and feta mean prescribed by a
doctor in the past I was like this that
gives me the sniffles that's why
stifling me all the time but that Lee he
also have a cold
I mean he's fucking eight years old he's
the president United States I'm sure
fairly stressful job yeah but he there
was a journalist that was claiming that
he had some sort of diet pill
prescription I've been brought up the
very pharmacy where you got it fulfilled
right who know if it's true who knows if
it's true and right but so many people
are on adderall today so so have you
ever taken it no I have not I'm scared
Jamie kami-sama threw it away allegedly
I was not a criminal and I don't have a
prescription no I would like to I
imagine it's probably pretty fun to
write with I would imagine it would it
would kill a lot of your creativity you
think so yeah because I think it would
be great to organize with that's how the
great late great Robert Schimmel that's
how he described it to me he I loved him
I loved him too um he gave me my first
Starbucks ever did you really mm-hmm Wow
you guys are on the road together or
something yeah we were in New Jersey I'm
like now you know I stopped drinking
milk and stuff he's like come on come on
come he's always a sweet guy I miss him
really bad yeah so funny he was a great
person too I'm so sweet yeah super not
fucking hilarious so funny you ever hear
is Siegfried and Roy joke yes yes this
shit ends tonight
oh my god but he had a heart condition
right you know that yeah and the
accidentally took an adderall once
uh-huh
um he he thought he was taking some
other medication forgot what and
accidentally took the adderall and he
goes I fucking freaked out I call my
doctor I'm like hey I'm talking he's
tell me what the milligrams is how much
to take so I took one of these
he said don't worry about it but you're
gonna be wide awake for like the next 12
hours well I was it's not gonna kill you
it's not that bad you're not dying and
he goes I went over all my notes he goes
I started organizing things that's what
I've heard from people when they take
adderall it makes him like want to
organize yeah which is weird but not
create necessarily if you give me speed
I'm gonna want to go run up a hill or
something I'm gonna go I want to do
something to City you're not going to
want to organize if I'm on some kind of
speed I'm gonna want to do something
stupid yeah you know I always yeah you
want to be physical yeah if I drink
coffee if I drink too much coffee I just
start jumping up and down fuck yeah I've
been drinking on duty tonne aid with
coffee with caffeine in it I forget it
makes it it's like this little drink um
one of the ketone companies that sends
me shit
oh yeah bunch of keto companies nope
they'll send you send you stuff you try
stuff yeah yeah I apologize to the
company but they make this shit that has
caffeine and ketones together and
fucking wonderful before exercise just
talking about you want to go crazy yeah
real good
weight lifting exercise right good no
caffeine is good to work out on Pacquiao
yeah it's great for lifting it opens yep
yeah opens up the vessels yeah shit your
brains out though you gotta be careful
well that's not fun correctly there's
nothing worse than when I go for a run
and a half mile in you're like I don't
get to Nate probably yet banking feel I
think oh is that it is it his company
look I mean he's probably just saying I
looked up uninvolved with him no that's
not the same stuff there no it looks
different okay but I think he's giving
me some of that too
I think it's very similar does that have
caffeine in it you still eat that way
predominantly no no no really no it's
too rigid and it wasn't enjoying it as
much but I do eat a very low carb high
protein high fat diet that's your
balance yeah but I fuck off I'll have a
brand and jelly sandwich if I want one
we're gonna have so much fun at Musso
and Frank's join it but I will eat like
cream of corn stuff like that oh yeah
but I it's like for me I try to think of
it as an 80/20 thing I eat 80% super
healthy uh-huh and 20% I allow myself
questionable choices that's good yeah
not not like sugar yeah yeah it's not
the process yeah but not like 20%
dessert you know I mean right there's
not 20% of my diets on ice cream or
candy or some of theirs I might have
spaghetti with clams right right you
know I mean red yeah which is not the
good food right vegetables meat that's
what I vegetables meat no free yeah I
fruit sure in the morning mornings yeah
usually before a first workout I like I
like fruit it hydrates you yeah it's
easy too it's easy on your body and you
can work out on fruit with no problems
at all right I could run like hills with
like a couple peaches in me right it's
not gonna office sick how greater
peaches right now right now peaches are
oh how did Georgia get so connected with
peaches think about that shit right if
you think about peaches you think about
Georgia yeah goddamn this maybe Hawaii
and coconuts but no yeah right is
Georgia and Georgia and peanuts
oh that's a Jimmy Carter right yeah but
what other Florida oranges I guess
Florida oranges but I think Georgia
Wisconsin cheese oh yeah for sure yeah
yeah but that's like dairy yeah that's a
process it's that food you're making
I've been a prett that grows in Jersey
tomatoes yeah that's like if you were
playing family feud be like New Jersey
tomato
let me see somebody says
[Applause]
survey says I'm still doing the voice
from the Hogan's Heroes guy as Family
Feud off you just notice 200 the dawson
richard dawson he is the original i
stick with him he made me don't go steve
harvey know what there was a guy in
between him and steve harvey Louie
Anderson know there was a guy who killed
him so oh yeah that's right yeah that
guy yes yeah dead on the feud yeah what
did he do did he die while he was
hosting it or did he quit and then kill
himself I don't remember he hung himself
alright yeah I think so he was the host
of family feud right yeah yeah but I
think he I think it was you see the
second host I think it was over ray
combs ray combs homes
he was the second host correct probably
couldn't live up the shadow of Richard
Dawkins just yeah yeah that's the guy
man he's happy tell me that couldn't be
a great movie right like there's
something yeah gig that smile go back to
that first picture with his hands up in
the air I could I could see I could play
that role I could I could see you
playing that role I was gonna go with
Steve Carell but yes he's not available
trying to mix it the crazy movie about a
guy like to remember what we did about
the Hogan's Heroes guy about the this
the lead of Hogan's Heroes now the guy
who was with Richard Dawkins on Hogan's
Heroes one of the guys who's with it
what the fuck was his name the there was
a movie called gang shot the gang know
if he's got autofocus autofocus right
Willem Dafoe yes we'll the thought was
one guy but then there was another guy
who played the Hogan's Heroes guy what
the fuck's his name Bob oh yes yeah
crane crane thank you Bob cranes was
that Greg Kinnear yes yes yeah it was
excellent
yeah and it was it a real porn habit
right
he would make porn and he would make it
with Willem Dafoe apparently there would
be filming girls and then they think the
Willem Dafoe
character killed him but I don't think
they ever solved the crime oh really I
think was one of those murders when they
never totally solved the crime
I'm not true I'm mashing two movies up
because Greg Kinnear also played Chuck
Barris from the gong show
who did he was in the CIA yeah yeah yeah
that was you know actions of a dangerous
mind was that it something like that
wasn't him though God wasn't that him
who the fuck remembers anything too much
stupid head with Sam Rockwell Sam
Rockwell's I wasn't canary oh right
right right
no it's an amazing Sam Rockwell movie
the moon oh yeah
oh he's the whole move it's so good I'm
telling you folks like this is all I'm
gonna tell you I'm gonna tell you is
it's only Sam Rockwell for a whole hour
and a half and it's fucking amazing I
saw that in the theater in New York oh
good yeah is there even another actor
there one other actor in the movie maybe
I think I think you're right halfway
through your something someone anymore
it's good fucking great it's a fucking
great movie he's such a good actor do
you watch Fosse Burton he played Bob
Fosse it was a no on FX no it was a TV
show yeah about Bob Fosse
you know the choreographer uh-huh and
his wife
okay did that burden it's like Chicago
you did a version of jazz hands
yeah it's really good he played he's
yeah he's really good in it he's a great
actor man yeah he's really good he was
dating Leslie Bibb when Leslie Bibb I
did a movie with Kevin James and Leslie
Bibb was playing Kevin James's
girlfriend and my ex-girlfriend and we
were like competing for her love and I
got to meet Rach what was the movie was
called zookeeper oh yeah cute kids movie
yeah yeah I loved everything Kevin James
does yeah this makes me laugh it's a
great guy too
yeah mall cops come on yeah he's uh I
mean are there modern pratfall type
super physical comedians and movies
today I know who is he might be the last
yeah he was very athletic he was very
light on his feet oh he
a martial artist is he he's very
talented oh really he's very good I
heard he was really good at basketball
really yeah I believe that I mean he
eats a lot for sure he would not be
denying that but his martial arts
technique is excellent really he's got
serious power he's got really good punch
is really good kicks yeah he had a bunch
of different different styles of martial
arts that he trained when he was coming
up now in just some of it I think some
of it was kung fu some of it was karate
but it was but he's he knows what he's
doing knows he's played uh um he played
a mixed martial artist in that movie
here comes the boom right right yeah he
played a guy who was like a high school
coach that was trying to raise money for
school so he had some UFC fights he's
physically just funny he's fine I
remember you
like in the comic strip early on
watching him he I think he was he was
famous already but he had a bit about
picking out greeting cards being in
front of the greeting card aisle
yes yes right picked them all out and
yeah just physically yeah without a word
at times just looking at the cards so
damn funny he had a one of my favorite
bits ever about it was back in the day
when you had automatic locks on a car
and when someone would try to open the
door while you were hitting unlock they
would cancel each other out so he had
this super frustrated bit about his
girlfriend reaching for the door and you
know and it won't and it keeps canceling
out he's getting more and more
frustrated it's no I mean there's so
many moments of that and Kings king a
queen oh yeah yeah all of his like
physical just frustration never like
physical guy like if you really stop and
think about they're so few a Chris
Farley of course there's a giant
physical yeah he was very Ralph Kramden
yeah Jackie Gleason a big guy but very
very graceful yeah but like um he was he
was like an accelerated version right
yeah yeah of like John Belushi like a
larger bigger more spastic more crazy
yeah I mean he would fucking get sweaty
and scream and right
whereas Belushi was like really physical
too but they didn't get to that
no no he's wrong like Farley is more in
that Kevin James kind of lightness you
know what Belushi had Belushi had like
this weird hilarious feeling of danger
yeah like he was dangerous it was funny
like an Animal House right he was
dangerous it was reckless it was rock
and roll it was like off-kilter yes yeah
when he smashed that guy's guitar when
he was playing songs yeah yeah there's
the danger from him and like yeah blues
brother yes yes
that was dangerous right yeah that
off-kilter kind of thing mm-hmm
no Kevin James Farley they had a
sweetness yeah it wasn't danger it was
it was energetic but always you you
weren't in danger but there's a question
like I'm sure someone could do that
Belushi thing mm-hmm without drugs oh
yeah I'm sure
no one has so sure that someone can do
it yeah is that beat just being cocky I
don't like you don't need vitamins just
eat bread and lift weights yeah no you
need vitamins but what was that was
fueled by yeah that was cocaine right
that was okay probably yeah out of it
but I think he was doing speed balls
right so he's doing cocaine and heroin
oh man not how he died yeah that's how
rochette told I do Marmont oh yeah I
don't know I don't know that's one of
the things about like great wild people
who's it who's who's really wild now
like that nobody really right nobody
that we want to throw into the bus yeah
like cocaine wildness doesn't know like
or just like that reckless like danger I
guess what's his name has a little of it
in his acting hope Tom
Tom Hardy yeah yeah he's pretty rugged
he's got that kind of thing like I mean
he did two movies he did the Dunkirk
mmm-hmm Batman with his face completely
covered and he still was able to emote
danger yes and like he was just able to
express so much with half of his face
yeah it guys pretty serious he's he's a
bad motherfucker yeah for sure and good
in that movie warrior good that movie
warrior is that when he played two
characters no he played a fighter
him and his brother they wanna it was an
MMA movie mm-hmm they went up fighting
and seen Nick Nolte's in it he has this
incredible performance Nick Nolte oh
yeah completely steals the movie as this
guy's alcoholic father who was a
formally trained both of them that's a
while man it's it's he's so good you
forget how goddamn good and good Nick
Nolte is like whether or not it's drug
fueled or not there is something to
actors who have some manic part to their
personality that the camera that they
can harness yeah but still so it's not
it's not bullshit when they when they
film it you know what I mean
who's that doesn't come off as fake and
like salty phantom Mickey Rourke oh it's
him from different movies over same
token I'm Moyer and then Bronson I think
yeah Bronson was like his first big
break have you seen what the pictures of
him playing Capone but the warrior one
look at the one in the middle that's
what's on dude he got fucking Jack yeah
when you see him in the movie I mean he
looks like a professional fighter yeah I
mean there's no if ands or buts no I
mean he really does he looks like a guy
who fight in the UFC physically he got
his body into that form that's hard to
do man didn't it didn't Hanks get uh
diabetes from going up and down so much
who Tom Hanks Tom Hanks went up and down
and wait yeah how dare you compared Tom
Hanks at Tom Hardy first of all to do
his fucking body Tom Hanks night on that
now he didn't there's not a fucking show
he did the other thing he got real big
and fat
you know who else did that like castaway
he was really scrawny and then he was
like a regular dude
maybe he fucked his body over starving
himself to death Jaime is there a
picture of Hardy is alkapone that's
coming out yeah it's not a great shot
yeah
do you know who else did that for a
movie who got super jacked they're like
kind of a crazy way Jake Gyllenhaal oh
wow look at that look at fucking score
Robert or Al Pacino rather Dick Tracy
villain yeah Wow
oh they're saying he looks like it looks
like they're making fun of them they're
making that yeah Al Capone and that's a
better shot Dick Tracy
that's Al Pacino playing a Dick Tracy
character right yeah he's my uncle pawn
and victories oh that's what it was
seemed care okay Goom you know Jake
Gyllenhaal it's pronounced ha ha Google
that guy from the movie southpaw the
movie southpaw he was fucking jacked bro
he played a boxer I mean fucking shoe
look dude look at that I mean he looks
like well Andre Ward in his prime I mean
that's how shredded he is oh my god it
looks like Roy Jones jr. almost he
doesn't look like him at all bro he's so
shredded but how much of that is 3d
animations oh yeah yes you just take
steroids and muck yeah I mean maybe they
3d animated him it's possible but he
looks so good
well I mean well maybe we should Google
that okay look why don't you go back go
back to the fifties go back to the
picture you just had why how did Jake
Gyllenhaal get so ripped okay the man
man block click on that shit yeah I
think he probably took some Mexican
supplements and worked out like a
motherfucker
but either way there's no way you get
that ripped without insane work insane
because just do it all the time right
all steroids are doing is helping you
recover makes you recover you'll develop
more muscle quicker because but you have
to break down the muscle for the muscle
to grow so you have to go through the
workout so it doesn't it stimulate the
growth of it yes but you can't be lazy
and have that body right fucking impasse
of all right so it's four five months
long you've been working out twice a day
even on Sundays his workout regime was
about four to six hours a day he started
training as a fighter sparring with real
opponents and taking in some real
punches his boxing workout consisted of
all the things that a boxer would do
shadow boxing heavy bag speed ball
sparring focused pads double end rounds
he says I was sparring and really
getting hit it helped me understand the
sacrifice it takes to be a fighter
you can't play a boxer and just look
like a boxer you have to believe that
you can exist in that world well it's a
good actor
he's amazing actor but he is always I
think it is he's always been an amazing
I know he's really great and everything
I know there was something other
recently I just saw he was in I forget
Brokeback Mountain playing games that's
what you were watching all right
he's that's a rare person that can do
that I don't care what he was taking
yeah I don't care if you're working out
six hours a day there is not a fucking
drug in the world that gets you that
discipline right you have to do that
right you have to do that yourself you
have to force yourself it's mostly
willpower
well I'm pals with with Jason Bourne and
he Jason Bourne is not a real person
it's not I'm sorry what who do you think
Jason Bourne is he's a character in a
movie no he said he works for the
government
wait how do you say I'm pals with a from
Bourne Identity yeah what'd you say I'm
pals with Superman makes just as much
sense Jason Bourne's on a real person
wait what who he's saying you're friends
with Jason Bourne he's if you see Matt
Damon Damon oh yeah okay Matt Damon was
at the in probably than that he was yeah
I didn't get a chance to say yeah if he
hears us hi Matt Damon yeah I love that
guy I'm very impressed with him he's
great he seems like a really interesting
person tools like his very very wise
person he is he's very smart anyway but
watching him for the last Bourne movie
he knows how to fight yeah he's got a
great trainer Matt may amante Oh
who like his name Angelo Dundee and I
really yeah he's legit he's a great guy
and but watching the two of them train
all the time and it was like when he
dials in it's like that's their life
well you can tell when you watch someone
doing something in a movie whether or
not they put the time in right Keanu
Reeves in John wick write that
motherfucker put in the time I'm buying
everything yeah and sinker right buying
him kicking people's asses and finding
people
he shoots guns like a guy who's been
tactically trained as a real assassin I
buy every fucking second oh yeah even
though it's cartoonish and over-the-top
and key are you sure what you can tell
when he flips him on their head breaks
her arm and stomps their head and then
shoots him when they're down I'm I'm in
yeah yeah he did it he did it right
legit that's why I do more comedic roles
move dude pounding on the joints that's
fuckin when you like my friend Tate Tate
Fletcher yeah he just got a concussion
from doing a scene in a movie where he
was doing some stunt work his Tate does
a lot of acting but he also does lost
that work - uh-huh and he hit his head
and heard it real bad you know and like
he's real light-sensitive right now in
his time and VD and yeah and Tate
you know Tate had a career as a fighter
as well ya know so he fought in the UFC
he you know had a quite a few
professional fights and a lot of
sparring yeah I mean the professional
fights not sparring rounds you know so
he's kind of sensitive to getting hit in
the head anyway he doesn't wanna get hit
in the head any more for him to fall
like on the set ooh like that that world
of like a stunt man like we're talking
about gene LeBell yeah Brad Pitt
character those are the toughest fucking
people oh man come on
toughest animals it's a hard way to make
a living man you're always falling out
the back of trucks and wreck and
motorcycles on purpose and yeah exactly
I wonder if the numbers the number of
stuntmen has gone down since animation
3d stuff has started that's interesting
is improved I bet there's a lot less of
it I bet you're right right but for some
things you need a stunt person yeah you
need someone also to tell you what those
guys are so wild though like we had
stunt guys that developed a lot of the
events on fear factor they developed a
lot if I'm like a lot of times what
would happen was like the producers
would come to the stunt man and the
stunt man and they would say hey this is
what we're gonna do we're gonna take a
helicopter and throw someone off on a
fuckin bungee cord between these two
mountains like can we do this without
killing me yeah and then the stunt guys
has to look at it and say okay let me
see how we can make this so that no one
died right but they are willing to take
so much more risky a regular person like
their idea of like you getting hurt
right they're not worried about getting
hurt like a normal person right now Alex
Honnold right the guy doesn't he really
doesn't have fear no no no no he's
that's different is it yeah yeah that's
different because the stunt man if that
would be if Alex Honnold was telling you
you can climb that wall right because
he's doing it himself yeah who knows
he's really good at it
the thing about the stunt guys is the
stunt guys look they're not trying to
get anybody hurt but they're not worried
about getting hurt themselves like you
know their idea of getting hurt is
slightly different than a regular person
right because they're just so fucking
tough yeah and they're used to doing it
yeah used to jump it off fucking horses
and shit and yeah so we had this one
event where they were they were making
the contestants ride bulls and it was
there's only two times in the history
that show us like don't do this right
don't do this and that was a big one and
I was like you guys are crazy these are
bulls and this is this is really what he
said to me it stunk I said he goes out
don't worry about it boo these are stunt
Bulls I know their stunt Bulls he was
yeah it's they're less aggressive I go
devil no he's a stunt doll I bet he
thinks he's a bull I bet he thinks he's
a bull and I bet he's not gonna like the
fact of all these fucking people riding
him is you're having like eight people
ride them or it wasn't a stunt stunt
ball I'd be so pissed right now would he
that bull launched these people through
the fucking air launched them the way
you would shake a tennis ball off your
hand if you had a tennis ball in your
hand he would just do like that yeah
flying that's what those people did with
these that's the bull did with these
shoes literally anyone get hurt the ball
and just underhanded it people would fly
did anyone get really hurt in the taping
of that show it
no not one just that's that is come on
seven that's what that was right there's
a lot of that for sure with the the bolt
one because the boat one that the bolt
kicked in the air is just barely missing
people's heads sued I was watching I was
like this is fucking told everyone did
not do it was like that the people like
well I want to get that 50 grand go man
I get I get we were saying but this is
not the time for you there's another way
to get this money it just seems like a
way to get injured for the rest of your
life what about the Mark Wahlberg you
see all his videos how he gets up at
2:30 and goes into the gym you ever see
his Instagram I have not
I did see a thing with him and James
Corden though oh yeah
well James tried to do the workouts with
him oh really yeah he brought they went
over to Marky Mark's basement yeah it
worked out together
he keeps posting like he gets up at 2:30
there in the gym is a gym inaudible and
they heels to bed at 7 o'clock and but
because he's up at 2:00 and he's it's
obviously working for him super
disciplined guy yeah then he's in great
shape but James Corden tried to do the
workout where them was pretty funny
let's gather he's got a gym in his house
that's like a hall like a gym gym oh
yeah went to the gym that's his whole
house so like his this section of his
house was Jimmy's his epic so you know
they had all these crazy workout so
we're doing well I guess if those are
the roles that you're always gonna do it
badasses yeah yes always doing like you
played Micky Ward and that movie the
fighter remember that yeah yeah he's got
it so he's doing those action roles yeah
but you know you could sleep in to still
work out at 10:00
why be at 2:30 in the morning
no I'm not that's not healthy for only
things that's big about that is that you
know that you are getting up early you
know like my friend Jocko gets up every
day at 4:30 in the morning in his entire
Instagram his photos of his watch 4:30
in the morning and crazy workouts that
he's doing uh-huh or shooting his bow or
you know he's when do you wake up Jitsu
I usually wake up around 7 or 8
yeah that's how I like to do different
things early in the morning I like to
take yoga some mornings I like to lift
weights some mornings I don't generally
like to do jujitsu at 8:00 in the
morning I like to do jujitsu around noon
right wake up right
I like to eat something too because it's
so ruthless yeah I don't want to be
hungry right class I want to be like if
that right hydrated and fueled like two
hours after work or after a meal right I
want to go into something like that but
like something where I could just push
myself and I don't worry about being
strangled mmm yeah kettle bells or
somebody I'll do a brutal kettlebell
workout first thing in the morning I'll
just have like a caffeine drink and
right they need a couple pieces of fruit
and just go yeah it's good 90 you you do
spots late at night so you shut it down
at some point during the day do nap no
no no you never nap no no I don't just I
need it interesting I don't feel it ever
helps right yeah I'd rather power
through right and I get it if you need
it
if I felt like I needed it like it
definitely took a bunch of naps when I
got back from Italy cuz I was wacked out
because I was teaching house rocked me
up man I would sleep for like three
hours and then I would wake up and I'd
be like why am i wide awake right 2:00
in the morning this is so stupid and
then I would be up and then I get really
sleepy around 6:00 I try to sleep for an
hour how to wake up then I woke up again
and that would take a nap in the
afternoon it took like a good four or
five days before that lever out and I
started sleeping on a normal schedule
ma'am but you work out so much you don't
you're burning energy like usually when
you're really in shape you don't need
naps you shouldn't use TM for your your
brain yeah that sounds like I should do
it well just give me a mantra once you
come up with a mantra for me
you don't want you become my instructor
you've been doing it long enough I want
to go to some other dude
Diaz just Diaz yeah which one Nick or
Joey
how about Nate me Nate Diaz now Joey
Joey Joey Diaz just think Joey Diaz
Joey's going ideas you could just do it
you could just create it just use ohm I
don't understand why yeah why do you
have a mantra yeah what tell us your
mantra
can't I can't
I'm not allowed they'll come and get me
that's also not true huh that's so not
true
no they won't come again me but it's
kind of a personal thing because it has
no meaning if I say it then you're gonna
say something back now there's something
attached to it that's why you don't say
it oh okay you know what I mean your
word it's just a pure sound that has no
mental attachments to it in the earliest
days of religion wasn't it a problem if
you said God's name aren't there like
certain sects of religion that don't
think that you should say God's name mmm
whatever God's name is whatever it's
Todd Yeshua or whatever it is whatever
the name of God is mm-hmm isn't fine I'm
trying to remember this sounds like a
Jordan Peterson thing no yeah he would
know you would know the answer to it
yeah well obviously well obviously like
the way says obviously that's pretty
good
that's very Canadian you might be a
Canadian spy well obviously you can't
you can't how you say you can't talk
about the name without it coming back at
you obviously it's pretty good right
he's one of the most misinterpreted guys
I think I've ever met not just willfully
misinterpreted where people take the
words and the things that he's saying
yeah willfully misconstrue them mm-hmm
they they purposefully change what he's
saying to make it more offensive more
unreasonable people are angry why well
it's hard to say I think part of it has
to do with the way he initially came
onto the scene because of the
transgender that was yes was he was very
concerned that they were forcing people
to use certain language right new
pronouns and we're saying like why do
you have a problem with people's
pronouns he's saying that's not what I'm
saying right
I the problem is not whether or not I
would have a problem with someone's
pronouns the problems being legally
compelled to use these new words as
someone's inventing like I am NOT doing
this right the government telling me how
I can speak exactly not just that the
government also being influenced by
people who want you to be legally
compelled to say their their pronouns
right it's a slippery slope of control
more than it is a thing of culture or of
morals or compassion or being
progressive he's not saying that he's
saying it based on his very deep
understanding of history and of some
communist dictatorships that have gone
horribly wrong
yeah some Marxist philosophies that he's
aware of that he thinks write horribly
damn it damaging and dangerous if
implemented on a large scale like if you
allow large groups of people to control
language and to to legally compel people
to say these new words you're inventing
right this is not good this is a bad
path for humans right just historically
it's a bad path right and so that's how
he broke on the scene and in that time
period all these people who opposed what
he was saying
they were labeling him as transphobic
they were labeling him as homophobic all
these different things that are not true
right then he gets connected to this
Pepe the Frog thing right because he
thinks it's kind of hilarious that the
Internet is taken on Pepe the Frog as
like this meme the feels good man frog
and now gets you didn't know the whole
thing that I didn't know any of this I
didn't know you know I'm happy the Frog
is racist no okay this is serious okay
you have to know this because if
somebody wants you to take a picture
with this fucking Pepe the Frog thing
there are a certain group of people out
there will decide Tom Papa some sort of
all white white nationalist white
supremacist Nazi person one no bullshit
a fucking frog a frog yeah you know why
why because some people have used that
frog in a negative way some people most
people use that frog as a joke like
rails bad man and the frogs like mmm and
it's an animated thing
just a frog a cartoon of a frog okay but
the alt-right or I should even say the
alt right people on internet forums
uh-huh would constantly and consistently
use that frog as a joke everything like
they had a they had Donald Trump's hair
on that frog right but it's more humor
and mocking and making fun of things and
as the British would say taking the piss
he's taking the piss with the Frog huh
huh but there were a few that would have
the Frog with like a swastika armband
and a fucking Nazi hat on sure why
because they because they're internet
people right like you leave something on
the internet eventually yeah it doesn't
mean that it's a symbol of Nazis and
it's a symbol of white supremacy because
that's not what it was right so he dared
logically argue this and people were
very very upset is that I thought he was
defending yes
he's defending white national yeah I can
say no no no there's a fucking cartoon
frog guys and it's not only that it's a
cartoon frog written by a guy who
specifically sued people to get them to
stop using the cartoon flag even Alex
Jones how to pay out a lawsuit because
Infowars used an image of that cartoon
flat can you see if that's true I'm
pretty sure that's true but it was a
nominal amount it was only like he lost
it in Corbett it's like a very small
fifteen thousand dollars really pay for
Alex that's not a lot of money
settlement it's a 70 so I'm sure he paid
way more in legal fees right deal with
something like that I'm sure if they had
to put together some sort of a defense
for fifteen thousand dollars I'm sure
that probably cost a shitload of money
but the point is that this frog has like
all these different meanings mm-hmm so
as soon as it gets connected though to
an awful thing yeah then immediately
like you got to go okay we can never use
that frog again right let's rocks
corrupted now given what we know and
here's where it gets really weird given
what we know about the Internet and
specifically foreign influence on memes
sure like Russia yeah there are some
factories that we're making funny memes
about Hillary Clinton right funny memes
about all kinds of
things yeah and doing so in order to get
people upset or to laugh or to mock mark
certain ideas and and push the narrative
one way or another through humor and
they made some really funny ones there's
a woman named Renee to rest if she came
on the podcast was explaining she had
for a project she had to go through
hundreds of thousands of these things oh
she's like some of them were really
funny right and these were ones that
they know were made by Russians well I
need to try to get people upset about
certain things she's how many of those
Pepe the Frog things came from came from
that right how many right if you if you
had a frog that was mocking everybody
and the Frog like was a really good
symbol to make someone think that you're
a fool so like you say something
ridiculous and you're trying to push for
something right and then that frog is a
meme with you what you're saying but he
looks like an idiot
bring all sudden you look like an idiot
right the frogs mocking you if you can't
beat the Frog yeah right but you can
turn the frog into a Nazi right then
when you turn the Frog not say anybody
uses the Frog oh yeah yeah so he got
caught up in this yeah he took a photo
with these guys and he's talked about
Pepe the Frog mm-hmm
on my podcast I talked about I explained
the whole thing to me right depth and
yet I've seen articles connecting him to
white nationalists because there's a
photo of him with the Frog
she's Louise pull-up photo of Jordan
Peterson with Pepe the Frog because he
took a photo with these guys where they
had like a frog flag and he thought it
as what weirdest saying these guys that
are taking the piss it's like a Flat
Stanley or something right it's like
thinking innocent a man's Internet
version of Flat Stanley that's right
primarily a 4chan thing really Jamie
knows this shit more honestly there he
is
so see he's standing there with these
guys two fellas are holding up this Pepe
the Frog flag Jordans laughing and
smiling with them and one of them has a
I think it's a make America great again
hat on look these kids are human trolls
they're alive on the Internet
yeah and then think of one that thinks
it's hilarious to be out there
in public trolling with Pepe the Frog
flag and a make America great again hat
oh my god
he's fucking with people right this is
what this is yes obviously it's a lot of
what internet culture wrapped yeah he
Jordan understands this and talks about
it and discusses it in length and he
makes it make sense right
so that's one other reason why people
are upset at him yeah yeah yeah and it's
it's just very easy to label people in
certain ways today it's very easy to
label someone as a misogynist right no I
know but if you listen to the breath of
his work yeah this is not a bad person
he's a very good person very
enlightening like there's a lot of like
real practical ways to you know as he
says clean up your room and live right
witness a personal friend of mine I like
him very much
well obviously good uuuuuhhh how do you
how do you say you you you think about
these things that's what you were trying
to you're trying to - ah you know what
he's trying to have a conversation
it shows how actually articulate he is
because you can't come up with things
that he would say that makes sense well
it's alright
there's no catchphrase for him yeah well
obviously clean up your damn room clean
up your damn room let's see huh he's got
a lot of great advice he's off yeah a
very very insightful person what about
all of this is on a bad guy at all no
these people have this horrible thing
than they do today we're in when they
want to dismiss someone instead of
instead of listening to them instead of
listening to them and debating the
points that they have or analyzing them
in an objective kind way they try to
attack everybody's attacking everything
everything sucks everybody sucks
everybody's stupid everybody's racist
everybody's dumb everybody's ridiculous
everybody's a liar everybody yes you're
not on my team you're on someone else's
team it's just so much of that today
there's so much necessarily enjoy
listening to him I enjoy all those those
biblical speeches that he gives about
trying to interpret the Old Testament
and stuff like that it's it's it's very
very interesting it's very I've never
heard somebody connect our practical
trying
to find our way through the woods to
those writings like he always just heard
of it is growing up as a Catholic kid
you just kind of heard them as like
their stories in there obviously you
know their metaphors and whatever but I
never heard somebody really say no it's
big it's how you treat your father
another way you you're trying to figure
out your way through life that's what
these things meet like you know yeah he
is a it's a very fascinating listen yeah
he's got a very unusual way of
interpreting biblical verses and stories
from the Bible yes stories from you know
other religions as well where's yeah
explain like what and how it sort of
interfaces with man's search for meaning
right you know yeah exactly it's like
you like a practical way to kind of you
know approach the world to do in a time
when we have nothing to hang on to it's
kind of interesting stuff to think about
yeah and that's one of the reasons why
some people think that it survived as
long as it has that there's some merit
and using it as a like a framework in
your life yeah you know there's like
some practical we were saying earlier of
having some kind of a guidebook mm you
know to get you through life like even
just in the etiquette manner stuff it's
also the big stuff it's like you know I
had a friend who's whose father passed
away and it's like it's a hard thing
when you don't have a framework a guide
willing to help you deal with that and
get through the woods and you're just
kind of out there on your own right it
is very difficult not in heaven right
you know and I'm watching my watchin my
grandparents when my two grandmothers
who went to church all the time and they
didn't muddy themselves with whether or
not this was you know the the answer but
it gave them structure and it gave them
okay so the neighbor died and we go to
the church and we go to the wait can we
go to the thing and then we have cake
and then we sit and and pay visit of to
his widower
to the widow you know the next week like
these things these roots these pathways
made them very happy people mmm yeah it
wasn't like kind of over thinking well
is the church bullshit they didn't care
about that they didn't get into
maybe it is maybe it's not is it out is
it all the answers they didn't get that
far they just got this is how you deal
with this funeral love your neighbor
yeah you know what I mean there's like
that practical little guidebook stuff
that we kind of lack right now like Wild
West Christianity right one of the
things about Wild West films
maybe it's accurate maybe it's not but
one of things that I always enjoyed is
simplistic way they interface with the
world the way they discussed the way
things are well I guess we're just gonna
have to go do that everybody just got
stuff done yeah when they had that sort
of pioneer mentality right like they
were rough folks right so if they were
talking about Jesus and what Jesus would
a good god-fearing Christian would do
they had a very clear and distinct
framework for right where they would
operate you know and like I played by
those winds yeah I'm Christian so this
is how I feel and like you'd be like wow
the simplicity and ruggedness of this
guy's vision yeah yeah and then you know
is it corrupted by people yeah is it you
know going
did he use that to go attack some Native
Americans what's hotter you know a
pioneer woman who's hot ooh I got
pioneer type woman who's actually hot
who can like do chores and shit hey yeah
I'm gonna mean like she's surviving like
you're out there both of your clone and
scratching yeah hot as fuck Oh hot as
fuck but yet a Pioneer Woman something
sexy it's fuck about that right it's a
good one yeah that's a good one
and they had those big fluffy things
they were on their legs under the
dresses
yeah like fucking robbers are trying to
take over the wagons just shooting at
them yeah like that girl ha that's right
that girl from Westboro hot as fuck yeah
I'm so hot there she is god damn dude
that's the perfect world that's the
perfect woman really really hot
badass western chick what does that
woman's name again she's really good too
I don't think that she'd whatever her
name is as an actress what's her name as
an actress gender would she like a an L
a comedian though
um what's that would she like in LA
comedian I want some only a bald one who
makes bread Evan Rachel Wood she's hot
she's not just hot she's a really good
actor yeah really good like you believe
she's a struggling robot trying to
figure out if she's real or not and
trying to figure out what these memories
that she has are but she's also hot as
the Sun is baby she's beautiful she's a
very specific kind of beautiful right
like an uncorrupted beauty right yeah
like a ho right she's not out there with
likes yeah
yes ass sticking out like washing a car
she's hot he's dignity yeah well she's a
robot she's a robot but don't show that
one that's not a good picture
relationships were that close to people
yeah like if you could actually make
love to a robot then that Westworld
concept the freakiest part of that is is
that they fuck these things and kill
these things right enough of these
things become sentient they realize it
they try to escape the parks bar do they
feel like they've got skin like an ocean
you can't distinguish they don't even
know sometimes if they're robots how
about that that's how good it is that's
pretty great I think that I'd have sex
with a robot
fuck yeah you would yeah you'd probably
have sex with a balloon I was gonna say
there's not much I wouldn't it's just a
matter of like what if someone said and
you don't have sex with this thing your
whole family dies you'd have sex with it
when someone says oh I would never fuck
a pineapple yes you would your life
depended on it
someone had a gun your fucking head so
yeah you fucked that pineapple or I'm
gonna kill your dog fine you'll fuck the
pineapple you have to just reach a
breaking point please yeah I'd do it
again so have you been have you pay
attention is Jeffrey Epstein stuff yeah
a little bit way things going on I think
I think he
yeah I guess I think the too many very
powerful people he had stuff on too many
very powerful people likely right
probably yeah
yeah they took the guy off suicide watch
even though he's one of the most
important witnesses yeah weird a really
creepy high-profile case that might have
connected a bunch of really powerful
people yeah this I don't I'm guy I don't
I don't necessarily believe that it's
you know the people from like its Trump
or its the Democrat I think there's
other very powerful people that would
have wanted this guy to go oh for sure
you know had no idea how many very
powerful people want to go away he could
sing right he could sing for his freedom
my question is is there it didn't they
give it like a whole bunch of evidence
and stuff from him that like these power
people would have oh yeah yeah whereas
all that stuff yeah yeah you said you
didn't know that he had a cellmate
cellmate
well what former cop Jeffrey Epstein
reported wasn't checked on for hours
before his apparent suicide that that
guy found him they're like how do we
think that that guy didn't kill him they
left a rope in there that guy could
definitely kill without leaving that guy
looks like he knew some damp look at the
guy's arms that guy could just wrap
Jeffrey Epstein up in a bear hug and
hanging himself maybe he just choked him
yeah I mean he could put that noose
around Epstein's neck and then squeeze
his arms together and just pull on it
until the guy hangs to death I think oh
my god her phone rang how did Jack huge
imagine you go to jail on a high-profile
case and they throw you in there with a
giant bald guy that's like grossberger
picture him stir-crazy but look at this
this is like caricature of the guy you
don't want exactly
yeah in the bad movie that's the guy you
waiting for you in the cell yeah he
looks like his his name would he go to
jail for tart yeah look at his name
right Westchester County charge to lose
stark taglio
the deaths of four men stemming from a
alleged cocaine drug conspiracy and bro
he's that big and he's 51 how many cops
are smuggling steroids in their asshole
to get to this guy he
how is he staying that baby so how he
hung himself so good so they had like a
belt or a rope left in there with him
this guy probably said listen if you
keep getting me the juice
I'll keep this fucking guy on ice all
right they didn't they said this is the
one conspiracy is the one conspiracy
where nobody believes the true story
that I've talked to no no except Michael
Shermer who Michael Shermer the guy who
runs skeptics magazines friend of Mines
nice guy uh-huh I couldn't just agree
with him more he thinks that things just
happen and people kill themselves
oh he that's his take this guy's and he
likes a lot of conspiracies no no
silences conspiracies no conspiracy he
likes oh-oh doesn't like any conspiracy
okay and this one is almost predictable
he's right and he's still like now he's
right away and I think his concept is
pull up his tweets so everybody say I
mean you're not in a good place you can
see wanting to kill yourself oh yeah for
sure you know make that a larger place I
don't know where that key started but
just be just make it larger it just
seems just like no scroll scroll down a
little bit there okay a new conspiracy
theory developed by MEMS team regarding
suicide they made it happen on purpose
first letter here it is here it is
scroll down it's some no-name pedophile
die by suicide in prison awaiting trial
anyone would anyone bother concocting
conspiracy theories about him being
married murdered by clandestine outside
forces of course not as with JFK Diana
Maryland at all Fame warps perspective
and fuels unwarranted speculation
first of all mmm-hmm this is not
unwarranted second well if you don't
think that powerful people have people
killed you're hilarious
like that is carefully naive yeah they
do do it says remember the adage
regarding conspiracy theories never
attribute to malice what can be
explained by incompetence or chance true
surely you shouldn't do that it is
possible but what what are the odds
there's something this this is our game
stinks so bad because he's in so many
circles and touched so many
super-powerful people it's different for
powerful people
it's he's not just a pedophile like he's
saying gave him a seventy million dollar
house in New York City gave him one of
his clients gave him he signed he was
the power of attorney at the time so he
signed over to himself the guy let him
do that
that's the question is whether or not he
wouldn't new us happening oh come on
like you just stole the house from the
guy who's in control of a lot of stuff
that's worth a million Wow so that's
what's coming out but how would the guy
who he signed it off on how would the
guy not know this guy stole his house
and not sue him he was in control of all
of his finances right but the guy was he
was living in the house who the guy
wexner know I've seen Abbate he bought
the house for him basically that's what
I'm saying Blair the guy bought it for
Epstein right right yeah but he who
fucking buys you a seventy million
dollar hey I don't know no one's bought
me nuttin there's there's so many
questions
yeah ask guys about where his wealth was
and then the the color of his house
didn't he own didn't eat the eyeballs on
the entrance and set the shit about the
house is crazy
well there's like oh yeah MERS inside
the house and shit but the other thing
was the houses on the island that is the
same color it's painted in the same way
these Rayleigh flag is uh-huh and this
there was an idea people are wondering
like how far this guy's influence goes
and where it comes from and look at this
house bro that was his house as his
house on this fucking Island the island
was like a building there it's a tent we
hear that on his Island brother that's a
dope temple by the way everything looks
awesome
geez I love that house my house come on
in how'd he get so much money
exactly no one really knows didn't have
something to do with Victoria's Secret
yeah he um he managed some military
secrets god yeah correct the guy who
gave him the house oh yeah you know Bill
Clinton flew on his private jet no less
than 26 times
Wow whatever no big deal he was hung out
of Mara Lago yeah but I mean I flew with
him
26 times I've never flown with it would
it be have to be my very best friends at
I tour with all the time
have I flown with you 26 times maybe
four or five I mean I really ever and
maybe if we flew together it might be a
little more than four or five it might
be 10 and
be tended mean I've known you for years
yeah has not been 26 times so Bill
Clinton flood with his one guy why he's
the president United States I think was
he still president then and it was
afterwards Jerry probably 20 times I'm
making money
I like fly which every enough to pay I
mean that's a lot of times be partying
with the dude you would think that you
would find out about how that guy fucks
who said that when he inside on the
plane was sort of when he fucked up
because he was that's when he stopped
flying under the radar
who did Jeffrey Doohan that went that
day and he's been like hiding ever since
wasn't that was like two thousand three
or four oh really
when he got busted was shortly after
that and he's been on the run since then
do it wasn't wasn't Trump talking about
it with Howard Howard Stern what was he
talking about about that he like some
LEDs yeah like why were they talking
about him I don't know because he was uh
guess he was arrested or something no
he's just in the news the arrest was
later and that was part of the problem
was that with the arrest the arrest was
for some sexual thing with underage
girls and he got a really light sentence
right he was like so we're freaking out
about then one woman pursued this pretty
heavily she was a journalist and she
pursues pursue this story right yeah I
find out the Miami Herald but yeah that
book I was telling you I just read about
James Patterson he said everything that
kind of came out in that story
they already wrote about about 2016 and
for some reason the media didn't really
pick up on it he said he wrote letters
to everyone well yeah that was when that
was when this guy got that really light
sentence was around there but this one
woman kept writing about it and this is
one of the things pull up the name of
this woman that because this one woman
really dogged lee pursued this story and
i was because of her and i think a lot
of it had to do with her recognition
that this guy had gotten his creepy
lights on yeah
not to be confused with downtown Julie
brown Julie Cable she was great
like Michael B Jordan not not the
world's greatest melon what's her name
is even close to this story hello James
Brown the fucking sportscaster
well that guy nice guy James Brown
sportscaster yeah
how the fuck do you call yourself James
Brown like he owns that right Michael
Jackson if you're Michael Jackson your
singer yeah you're who oh great right
yeah don't you have anyone in your camp
telling you this is a bad idea
isn't there two of those cuts like a
knife guys what's that guy's name the
guy from Canada Ryan Ryan
again Ryan's your fucking name right
you've got trouble - how about Ricky
Adams be Ricky Adams
Ricky Adams what ever happened to Brian
Adams man that cuts like a knife yeah
like a knife like that was awesome
summer of 69 yeah he had some great jams
I think he's still playing casinos
I really they shall go to see him we
should make a road trip eighth-best yeah
I'm sure it's a good show we really have
to start doing stuff like that yeah road
trips just go to see ridiculous shows ya
out there journeys out there to journey
with the japonais yeah that's what that
guy she's a badass Steve Perry ever did
in his prime I know some amazing Steve
Perry still out there I don't think he's
performing but he's still around what
are you playing Brian abs giant crowd
Wow look at that
yeah that was a star postmenopausal
chicks at the summer of 69 what does he
look like these days I stretch in here
let me see he's working about that he's
ribs fit it stretch that back he says
Brian abs him yeah it's a weird
black-and-white photos yeah get some
snapchat filter on him too he's
obviously spiritually sound it looks
health working out well listen man that
guy was a he was a rock star when I was
in high school that's right and if he
looks that good today
that's incredible taking care of himself
must be yeah he's doing something right
he's not running around after teenage
girl's hands living a good life floozies
flying over Bill Clinton so obvious
later
absolutely what we doing today
yeah it's yeah for conspiracy theorists
right now like for Sam Tripoli no Sam
sharply yeah tinfoil hat podcast he's
he's taking it to another level
he thinks he's not really dead that they
faked his death ah of course
she's Louise for conspirators when a
conspiracy theory is obvious they look
for the non-obvious possum because they
do the exact opposite of what Michael
Sherman was talking about here is he
theorists never tribute to Mouse
everything right everything is malice if
it looks obvious is something it's so
creepy
God well got good who cares how what
it's good he's gone maybe not man maybe
no he's gone maybe not maybe if he
stayed alive he could have told us some
stuff about some terrible people that
are still alive doing things
yeah he's the worst one I don't know
about that he's a creeper how do we know
that we know he's a creep most likely
well we definitely don't know if he's
the worst out of all those people that
he was creeping with yeah the thing is
if the guy really did film a bunch of
people that are super powerful people
doing crazy shit yeah there's got to be
some stuff right um if I was leading the
investigation I'd go after the hard
drive son ton that's where they keep it
all the hard drive they did find hard
drives filled with stuff that he had
they did yeah that he had with very
young girls and suggestive poses and no
there was pornography but they were
talking about how many different photos
of young ladies around on his computer
all right enough with this guy but I
don't know if they were young like you
legal or young like 18 you know there's
something weird about when you watch
some porn where they're pretend to be
schoolgirls mmm-hmm you know yeah you
know the girls 30 but she's pretending
to put them in an outfit yeah that's
though there's something weird about
those porns like what is happening no
exactly one guy's a milkman the other
guy you know just comes over
what must you bring up my fetish milkman
porn he knocks on the door girl answers
she's got pigtails yeah my dad's on home
right now umm I guess I guess you can
come inside no you know how about
watching the baseball game you know
another thing that's weird about porn
there's a lot of step sister stepmother
porn stepmother stepmother and
stepsister dude with his stepmother
yeah we're dude with his stepsister
exactly like dad married some new floozy
dad's off at work and the Sun Suns like
19 he wakes up and he's got a boner next
thing you know his stepmom sucking his
dick now those are fun well there's that
you know that's human sexuality there's
you know everybody has something they're
into so I guess they make a movie for
all of it yes but also they're always
looking for a new forbidden thing so
it's right there porn is not forbidden
enough it's not just two people that are
hot that are getting it on right no no
no it's got to be something that
shouldn't be doing oh my god shouldn't
be doing this right that's a thrill for
a lot of people right they feel sexually
suppressed so when they watch porn like
oh my god - stepmom she gonna do it you
got to take a picture of her so it's
gone right so it's like forbidden yeah
yeah yeah yeah like you at the
west-world thing yeah yeah I mean that's
the thing with people right they like
especially when people get told what to
do too much when they're young and then
they develop this desire to do forbidden
things right right yeah I mean yeah but
it's all porn thing the envelope thing -
right you get bored people if people
like outrageous things and those
outrageous things are not outrageous
enough anymore then they get more
outrageous somehow or another right if
that's right that's why you shouldn't go
down the path right
you should start that's why you're
healthier working out like crazy or
being obsessed with cars or being
obsessed with sports it's like it's you
want to get more and more extreme with
it what you're dealing with tires you're
not
with human beings that are being
trafficked through Florida with the idea
that they might have some fame you know
and I mean you gotta be Florida that's
where it all happens right really all
bad things
where was that Epstein guy Florida yeah
Maura Lago Florida here receiver Sheeta
Jones his documentary on porn
no it's pretty devastating
who's rashida Jones okay she was Quincy
Jones daughter she was on the very funny
talented she was in Parks and Rec in the
office and the office and she made a
documentary on just like all these young
girls that especially now with social
media and wanting to be liked and
wanting to having all these promises of
Fame and that what you think is amateur
porn and is harmless there's really a
very high percentage of these people are
being exploited mmm-hmm and I yeah it'll
make it look at porn very differently
I'm sure I recommend it but is there any
kind of acceptable porn yeah like what
if it's like 35 year old ladies that are
just freaks or not good freaks just fuck
on camera they get they get a thrill out
of people watching them fuck it's
impossible I don't know if it's possible
what's that question right yeah yeah
question is you always worry if but do
you what happened to them right put them
in that mind space cuz we don't have a
fear about men look are you worried
about men who are 35 years old who are
having sex with women on camera do those
trouble you know I mean I don't think
about them and I'm not concerned about
them right so we're concerned about the
women is that right wait for it because
we're sexist are we are we putting
standards on the females that we don't
put on the males because we don't think
that women can handle it or that you
don't we don't think they can make that
choice we don't think that they should
be allowed to make that choice or if
they do make that choice we think there
has to be something wrong with them and
they need to be protected or as we don't
have those feelings about a man I just
know that so I I think that when you're
thinking about what leads you to that
place there's a high probability that
some man did something awful to that
girl while she was young and we don't
have that such a high
percentage of people that have had all
women have had to deal with some Creepo
at some point in their life for sure and
so I think it's built on that it's like
well mmm you know I'd rather help her in
some other way than watch these porn so
is that something we inherently know and
how do we know that yeah yeah because
men are big and aggressive and can do no
no that's not what I'm saying
when you see someone that's in porn do
we inherently know that they've been
molested do we just know or do I mean we
don't don't but I think but have we
investigated that like there is a high
percentage of women that do porn this is
a fact that have been sexually molested
what I'm saying is your distaste for it
is it based on the knowledge of that or
is this an inherent perception that a
woman who would do that must be damaged
so something must be have must have had
happened to her when she was younger
that was awful otherwise she wouldn't be
doing this well it's like going to a
strip club and you know probably 80% of
the guys are just seeing somebody
dancing and 20% of the guys are thinking
wait you shouldn't be doing this mmm you
know what I mean I don't think 20% at
strip clubs I don't know maybe higher I
just feel like you know what it's like
we I think we're able to I'm sorry to
cut you off I think we're I think human
beings are able to not see everything
that they want to see because they're
enjoying what's before them I think
you're right for sure we definitely make
rationalizations right but I'm wondering
like why if it's a man we don't have any
I guess it's because we don't think of a
man of being you know if a guy is an
object of sexual desire for women we
don't think of him as a victim ever I
know which is unfortunate because there
are a lot of things happen to young boys
you know well did you hear about this
guy that sue and Katy Perry you about
the song
no no she says he maybe she he's not
suing her but he's accusing her of
sexual assault what he's calling sexual
assault she pulled down in sweat pants
and exposed his dick to some people Yeah
right right and then the knee-jerk
reaction is well your dude you would
love Katy Perry pulling your pants off
that's right and but maybe he was really
hurt
he's a grow up heir I love kitty purry
yeah
the fuck's the problem she pulls your
pants down yeah yeah even when I was a
young boy it wasn't like I was a it
sounds to me like Katy Perry's trying to
fuck you leave Katy Perry is that we
think she was doing now sounds like she
pantsed him mmm
for fun yeah it's what sounds like Lucy
sweatpants now if that was a guy doing
it to a girl I would say that is sexual
assault yeah think of it very
differently I would too if a guy was
there and a girl bent over in front of a
bunch of guys to pick up her keys and
someone pantsed her and her vagina was
exposed to all these strangers I would
say that guy's a piece of shit mm-hmm
like imagine if that was your daughter
or your wife right so some guy pulls
your wife's fucking sweat pant in front
of a crew of people because I think we
see the men as a threat as a physical
threat right
but if Katy Perry does it to a guy I'm
like huh yeah I know yeah and you guys
the judge I get the fuck out without
explaining it or coming up for reasons
why that is the knee-jerk reaction a
woman got arrested in New Jersey she
blew a 14 year-old boy they gave her a
10-year I got suspended sentence ten
years on 10 year probation no jail time
and she keeps her teaching certificate
really she was okay stop blowing kids
you crazy yeah she probably blew the cop
blew the judge oh god that's my thought
on that always is if a woman's willing
to blow a 14 year old she'll blow you to
that girl's fucking crazy she just loves
sucking dick oh my god you could talk
her into it it's all she's got standards
I mean I think every cop that arrests of
40 a lady blows 14 year olds every cop
thinks she'll suck his dick too right
don't you think they're crazy Oh easy
woman yeah well you don't think so do I
think she's crazy yes for sure but it's
not it I think every crazy doesn't scare
me now there's something you know look
we all there's a lot of different ways
to be damaged right and that's her
damage but what I'm saying is like
that's not hurt and what is she doing
she's a grown adult see how even you're
looking at that
there's a lot of different ways to be
damaged but if that was a grown man
having sex with a 14 year old girl you
wouldn't worry about what fucking damage
he has you'd be worrying about what
damage he's doing see even in that
situation you're worried about her being
damaged I'm not worried about her but
you know but that's what you said
right right you're you're what you were
thinking about was her being damaged
right not her victimizing the boy
right cuz we don't think of it that way
no I know I know like right I mean when
these these stories started coming out
when we were younger I know but it and
it was I always like you know with your
buddies it was like oh I wish my Spanish
teacher did that hey you know there's
been freaks throughout history yeah
crazy women that blow boys from as long
as time Memorial yeah there was word
time Memorial you know time when time In
Memoriam memoriam yeah sexuality is such
a weird bizarre thing that's why they
have to make all these laws about it
mm-hmm you know to keep some again back
to the guidebook mmm right I was reading
about a country I think fuck
there was one is it is a Kashmir Google
this mm-hmm that 20% of all marriages
start with kidnapping yes 20 percent of
marriages in this country in that there
is a country where 20% of all marriages
start in today
kidnap today and that's not not in the
1200s not during the Genghis Khan
administration is it like prom it's like
no they just kidnap women and then
they're forced to marry their kidnappers
so they don't get shamed Oh ma'am Google
20% of all marriages begin with
kidnapping just Google that that that's
not the weirdest thing that's ever been
googled that's a fucking crazy statistic
if I remember correctly our karma is
crazy I think I wrote it down somewhere
I'll pull out my laptop find it headline
one in five girls and women kidnapped
for marriage and Kyrgyzstan Kyrgyzstan
here's what I think was catch one in
five where is Kashmir
Kashmir Pakistan inside the Led Zeppelin
song is it so it's only Kyrgyzstan yeah
that spot but see bride napping also
occurs in places like Armenia Ethiopia
Kazakh stay in South Africa and
particularly common rural parts of
Central Asian country kidnapping just
grabbing people while they're sleeping
people making them marry you
she's they're still doing that in 2019
but just stop and think about one out of
five and that's with them trying to keep
it on the down-low so what was it a
hundred years ago percent nobody ever
got married yes raped
there's a thing called groom nap
kidnapping that also happens where the
eligible bachelors are abducted by a
bride's family and forced to marry oh my
god people living like movie characters
so weird this is happening today yeah we
are so fortunate god yeah here well not
just like there's some people in the
Western world what what do you say two
thousand nine in this place has been via
Bihar bi H AR twelve hundred and twenty
four kidnappings for marriage were
reported in one year twelve hundred
kidnappings from marriage can people
live there 1259 getting kidnapped you
know we say we don't that's horrible
dude imagine that that is fucking
horrible men are damaged in that part of
the world you know I mean they have a
long tradition of doing creepy shit with
women that is one of the weird things
about history the further you go back in
history the worst women are treated
right you know universally you know we
say that again the further you go back
in history the worst women the worst
worst women worse women are treated ride
worse the further you go back in history
yeah yeah I mean of course what's the
original image that we always got of
cavemen and cavewomen
right over the head draggin her hair
right exactly how do we know that
archetype yeah why do we know that
archetype that's a weird one yeah he
in the head and dragging her by her hair
wait where are we getting that from
right just taking cuz it's how I went
down why do you and I know that same
image you watch the same cartoons Oh
what it was yeah mine's a cartoon image
of it right but why did that cartoon
image it buy that become so prevalent
that we both like where'd you grow up
New Jersey I lived there too so maybe we
both got it from the same part yeah we
both watch zoom San Francisco but yeah
the thing you thought of when you
thought of caveman you thought of the
man clubbing the lady over the head and
dragging her by her hair yeah crazy men
have a long way to go sure a long way to
go the hang-ups that men have over women
that turn into violence is it still at
this late date in our human development
is still batshit crazy wait there is
such a violent they don't understand how
to even like be around women they don't
understand when they're rejected by
women and it always culminates still in
such a violent nature it's bizarre
wasn't that what happened to the guy who
owned the stand I don't know what
happened I know what I didn't hear Stan
yeah what it's been explained to me that
the ex ex-husband right of his old pair
of the brain to kill her and he was
there and wound up killing him too
so he was just coming to find out that's
true I don't know what the whole story
was but apparently I didn't know him
well but apparently was super awful like
I know he was a nice guy I met him a
couple times
terrible Maplewood New Jersey it's a you
know a man but man again men I'm not
crazy
if that is the case if that's the story
a man trying to kill his ex-wife or
killing his ex-wife it's just like man
talk about lack of guidebook nobody
teaches young men frustrated men that's
the story so I was correct I was
accurate that's um says
dad of to kill Zach artist and owner
David Kimmel it's 40 year old married
dad of 2 and the family's Columbian all
pair Karen Bermudez Rodriguez 26 yeah
Wow
so there was nothing going on between
the nanny and him mmm
men man stabbed an au pair in her boss
horrible yeah hey man nobody teaches
these men like how to how to be a man
I've had of her those appetites and deal
with it and put your violence towards
something else you know it's it's still
a big hole this is also they were saying
Colombian she was Colombian yeah I don't
know if she's from Colombian if he was
from Colombia too I mean look there's
every culture all around the world but
extreme violence and a lot of parts of
South America in certain places you know
yeah a lot here
I mean it's everywhere anywhere there's
dudes they get frustrated in the yeah
but more so more so in in a lot of
places in South America mm-hmm you know
in some areas that are like you know I
had this guy on who's an expert in
Mexico he worked in the IDI kaldur'ahm
he worked dealing with cartels uh-huh
and for the Mexican government and you
know the stories this guy tell you about
the violence that's happening in Mexico
right fucking terrifying really and how
many kids grow up like sort of enamored
with this cartel life get drawn into it
sucked into it and just wanted to these
people wind up taking people to kill
people and showing them how to cut
people up and getting them accustomed to
doing it oh my god yeah and that they
seemed so normal when you meet them and
then you realize that they're literally
training kids to murder people and chop
them up like what yeah yeah dark out
there so if you fucked that guy's Opare
or rather if you live with that guys or
if she just decided to leave him yeah I
mean I don't think he was I don't think
anybody's saying that he was having an
affair but if the guy thought he was
because the guy was you know if you're a
man
your ex-wife is living in a house
there's a man in the house you assume
like you're a piece of shit you assume
that they're having an affair even if
they aren't Yeah right and you would
just if you were trying to kill her
you'd probably try to kill him too or
maybe he was trying to kill her and the
other guy just happened to be there and
he killed him either way that guy went
to the house with the idea I'm gonna
kill my point was like if you could if
you have a dangerous person like that
and that manger aspersion is trying to
go and get his ex-wife and kill her and
you have to be you happen to get caught
in the crosshairs with a knife right
yeah that's terrible awful harm so
terrible horrible be careful out there
kids being kind to each other
I know but nice that's the other thing
about the way the world really works
yeah I have to recognize there are
really people like that out there time
that's a real thing yes yes yes yeah
it is a you have to be aware you can't
be naive that there's that this stuff
doesn't exist you can't pretend that
it's not around now yeah but how do you
how do you defend against something like
that right if you don't know how to
fight mm-hmm and even if you do if you
do the knife yeah your back is turned
yeah you know yeah who knows right a lot
of it's left to chance
fuck it such a horrible way to leave
this world someone's stabbing draining
out just I mean normal someone's trying
to get back at his ex-wife stabbing you
yeah you're sitting there in your nice
little house you're running a comedy
club just having a nice time people
laughing you're managing some other
comedians you you're making your way
you've got that your wife and your kids
you're providing for them and then just
you have no idea that morning when you
wake up and making coffee what's headed
your way
mmm horrible if you had someone close to
you get murder before no not close to me
close to me was Phil Hartman
his wife shot and then shot herself
right it's terrible yeah do you think
there's ever gonna be a time there's no
violence nobody we evolved past this to
some new thing I don't know if we
evolved
because there's so many people I think
it would have evolved not to that I
don't it would take eons we're still
like you think so many yeah there's so
many parts of the globe are still you
know way behind I think it would have to
be like put in the water or something
like we'd have to medicate it out of us
that's a real interesting perspective
right because amongst us amongst the
people that we know what are the odds
that we could get through this life with
no violence let me say if we all all the
people that we knew we all lived
together I could I would bet a lot of
money nobody would murder anybody
mm-hmm so what happens when you get from
that to large groups of people and then
you get to large groups of people like
you're talking about Kyrgyzstan or one
out of all right women gets fucking
kidnap yeah that's how marriages get
started yeah they're Wilding out there
to live and crazy yeah or karate karate
but what is that one city that in
there's one city in Pakistan is it
Karachi
what is that city why can't I remember
the name that uh is that it so that was
one of the cities that Shane Smith from
vice was saying was one of the most
terrifying places on earth oh yeah
because the the the sheer cheapness of
murder
no cheap it is get someone murdered oh
really how much murder and crime goes on
over there look God just a totally
different metric yeah for how you view
the world totally different perception
of what life is worth and what life is
like yeah and what kind of violence you
have to deal with on a daily was gone
I know there's a lot of very dark places
that's why I don't like to travel
you don't like to travel at all I do
like to travel but I don't I'm starting
to cross off a bunch of places yeah you
know between getting parasites that make
you have to poop in a bag and send to
your doctor or ending up in like real
violent places that don't you know have
the same kind of rules that we do it's
you know my friend Justin Wren who runs
fight for the Forgotten charity I was
just wearing his shirt at the beaches Oh
were you yeah an awesome best guy ever
yeah he has a new
no parasite that's draining him he
doesn't know what no yeah yeah he's got
something that he caught when he was
over there no that's what I'm afraid of
he's really sick is he really yeah he's
really it's gonna be okay I don't know
they're gonna have to hopefully identify
it yeah they'd have to figure out what
it is figure out how he got it figure
out what's going on that's no joke what
happened in the dominican republic
didn't they people died because they
were drinking from the minibar to hear
that story yes yes sketch yeah they were
saying that people were putting stuff in
the minibar that wasn't actually alcohol
yeah the story that I had heard was that
they would put cheap substitutes for
whatever the alcohol was supposed to be
so that people would pay for it and then
you know they would steal the actual
liquor place it with something else and
then people would drink in it was like
poisonous and they were dying yeah
people really died yeah yeah that's
terrible I hope you don't know what the
actual story was but somebody else
described it saying like one thing is
you concentrate on statistics and I
don't know if this is true mm-hmm we
should find out but that if you
concentrate on statistics and it seems
like a lot of people die in the
Dominican Republic when they were over
there but the reality is that it's just
the way we're looking at it because
we've chosen to start focusing on people
who died over there but in fact it's
like commensurate with people that died
over here when they're on vacation right
but that is wheatley only a certain
number go to that resort you know I
didn't mean any one resort of believe it
was yeah I think so
well a lot of people go to the Dominican
room now but a lot of people work I was
there last year what are you yeah so
would you go back after all this no
first of all I saw a story about a
couple that went there and got hookworm
and their feet oh you can from the beach
that I was already I like maybe I'm not
going back and now that you can't even
drink from the minibar I'm like you know
what there's a nice place isn't Laguna
Beach yeah that's what I'm talking about
Laguna did you know that hookworm is
response is mow beach hookworms
responsible for the stereotype of the
southern dummy no yeah what do you mean
people walking around the south barefoot
we're getting hookworm and mass and
hookworm has a detrimental effect
your ability to think oh really
compromises your mental ability it makes
you dumber
so like the trope of like a hillbilly
was exactly yup yeah weird up yep we
find out about that from Peter Hotez is
that who told us that and a beard how a
worm gave the South a bad name oh my god
hookworms once sap the American South of
its health and if you realize that they
continue to afflict millions gee you
look so creepy it fucks with the way you
think makes you tired fatigued yeah
exhaustion
listen weeks later victims to come to an
insatiable exhaustion and impenetrable
haziness of the mind that some called
stupidity adults neglected their fields
and children grew pale and listless
victims develop grossly distended
bellies and angel wings emaciated
shoulder blades accentuated by hunching
all gazed out dully from sunken sockets
with a telltale fisheye stare that is
the stereotype of people from the south
we just always thought they're just
living in hot weather and they're just
stupid yeah it really was was worm was
fucking hookworm oh and then amazing
this podcast started off we were having
about we were talking about though the
culprit behind the germ of laziness as
the South's affliction was sometimes
called was neck cat or americanus the
American murderer
better known as the hookworm it's called
the American murder are they still out
there millions of those blood sucking
parasites live fed yeah for sure and
died within the guts of up to 40 percent
of the population
stretching from southeastern Texas to
West Virginia can you imagine 40 percent
of the population of the south in these
places from Texas to West Virginia was
infected 40 percent of the population
with a fucking worm that makes you dumb
I'm never going anywhere ever again I'm
incredible that's this that's insane but
that's what the stereotype came from Wow
how wild fucking crazy that's insane you
know how many people are getting right
now getting Lyme disease and Lyme
disease all that doesn't make you lazy
its wrecks your health for years Yeah
right years happening right now in the
East Coast it's all it's all over these
because my kids we're back there working
on a farm over the over the summer and
my daughter had a tick on her we freaked
out
mmm should freak out yeah you got to get
it off is okay for 24 hours yeah and you
know but you also if you do get infected
you have to get on antibiotics really
quickly super fast there's a woman who
wrote a book about Lyme disease possibly
being a military biological weapon that
accidentally was released really yeah
apparently this is a popular thought
that there's something about Lyme
disease that Lyme disease doesn't
necessarily make sense how quickly came
from this one area like this Lyme
Connecticut area and how rapidly it
spread and how devastating its impact
was and there is apparently there's has
been some research that's been not some
quite a bit of research that's done on
various biological weapons and various
distribution methods and one of the
thoughts of a lot of these distribution
methods is infecting bugs and infecting
bugs with some designer disease and then
infecting the population like if you
release the bugs on this area that you
wanted to attack like at a certain point
in time and you infected giants chunks
of the population right then you would
be able to go back there ten years later
and everybody'd be fucked Wow yeah but
this this is something that biological
diseases whether it's anthrax like
things along those lines yeah terrifying
but they've made those yeah forever you
know they've had that and people been
aware of that forever yeah but the idea
of it being something that's in a bug
and that can infect geez Louise that's
terrifying
yeah are you trying to make are you
trying to make that I don't go out of my
house traffic jam
now it's weird that it's I mean the I
don't remember being around when we was
around Coast it was not around and I
think it took a while for anybody to
figure out what the fuck it was how
about the new mosquitos that we have yes
well there's also I never had these
mosquitos before there's a recent case
of a horrible disease breaking out in
the East Coast I think somewhere in
Massachusetts there's some horrible
mosquito-borne disease what is that what
is that a thing say about the ticks
about Lyme disease what is the book it's
called bitten yes that's a bitten
Chris newbie K with kr I asked Chris is
that a man or a woman it's a woman yeah
she discovered circumstantial evidence
linking the outbreak of Lyme disease in
the 1962 u.s. military some people say
this is bullshit but some people say
it's just conspiracy theory who's some
people put up the article so we could
see it give me a see it spread it out so
I can see it scroll down okay the deal
go back up stop the DoD takes extreme
care evolved its research programs to
ensure the protection of our personnel
and the community what is that when
Smith announced his amendment okay this
is was too much there so there's just
too much evidence for a reasonable man
or woman to just turn the page and say
put on your tinfoil hat this is just a
conspiracy theory Smith said and yet
people with credentials will say that
which begs the question why would they
even say that Chris Newby wrote the book
Benton said she discovered
circumstantial evidence linking the
outbreak of Lyme disease the 1960s
that's what you said from the US
military as proof newbee cites an
interview that she had stopped right
there with will Bergdahl fir the
American scientists who discovered what
causes Lyme disease who told her shortly
before his death that he had been
instructed to keep his research any
possible cause for Lyme disease a secret
my hypothesis was is that the biological
weapon they were trying to cover up that
oh my hypothesis is that was the
biological weapon they were trying to
cover up said new be a science writer at
the Stanford School of Medicine in
California I don't believe it
hmm seems like a lot of malarkey she
said I can't connect the dots right now
says who survived Lyme disease my theory
is that it was a genetically engineered
Rickettsia bacteria but as a journalist
I can't prove that so what is she saying
then she's just pulling stuff out she
wrote a book yeah ain't buying it but
that's not to say that does worry me
more than anything I think she's a hoser
I don't know where personally but if you
had yes probably but I think that your
bread yeah I would never give her my
brain that scares me more than anything
though she's laid a plague of some sort
I always feel like we should be keeping
some medicine in the house plague
medicine yeah like what kind I don't
know
tetracycline Doug good for plague what
the hell could be good for play depends
what the plague is really if it's a flu
there's certain things you can take if
it's knives crazy war bugs probably
nothing but there's so many people and
it's so gross and you can see how people
just coughing in the airports without
covering their mouths that's gonna
happen there's a story I was reading
this morning Jamie about mosquito-borne
illness in Massachusetts some knew some
like Legionnaires disease type oh jeez
we have these nasty mosquitoes here in
Los Angeles we're supposed to have these
mosquitoes around your neighborhood yeah
I've never near my house I know
sometimes neighbors don't take care of
their pool I know that's bad it is bad
they were saying I read an article about
it they said even like a crumpled-up
chip bag yeah that gets water from a
sprinkler that's enough crazy and there
are these black and white little guys
and they just seem fume and they go from
your knee down they're nasty we never
had screens before in my house when I
first moved to LA I rented a house that
someone had a pool in the backyard that
they didn't take care of really like
really bad and when I got there the pool
was green the water was green and there
was things swimming in it I was like
what the fuck is that it was mosquito
larvae
oh my god yeah yeah see so I had a
contact well here it is Massachusetts
confirmed human case of mosquito-borne
virus first human case since 2013 of EEE
what is that see scroll I scroll down so
he does equine encephalitis that's horse
that's horse stuff the first human case
since 2013 at least nine towns are a
critical risk of exposure to a rare but
potentially fatal virus that can cause
brain swelling how come on according to
the Massachusetts Department of Public
Health fuck dude
I remember when I was a kid yeah me and
this check made out in the woods mm-hmm
and you know what I've taken our pants
off and stuff yeah and I got fucking lit
up by mosquitos so bad we had a stop
fooling around like this is crazy I mean
I had welts all over my leg that was
crazy I was like Jesus is what happens
if you try to fool around the woods
you've got something me that's terrible
cold areas the mosquitoes are way more
aggressive the ass I know the whole East
Coast Maine forget it Oh Maine is lost
Canada's worse rudl I've never seen
mosquitoes like Alaska though Alaska
mosquitoes are fucking bonkers
are they big they're huge and they're
super aggressive they don't have any
time they come in they move in quick
they just swarm oh yeah this is what
happens this is why I'm so aggravated in
LA we were we didn't have this did not
exist until a year ago I think it's your
neighbor you got a neighbor with them
you don't have them by your house oh
really
I saw a bobcat fight with a rattlesnake
though see that I could have my buddy
sent me a video would you in the middle
of the street yeah with the rattlesnake
it's on Twitter
Oh was it on Twitter who put it on
Twitter got it from his neighbor who saw
it happen oh wow yeah pulled the one up
the maybe a mob is more versus a
rattlesnake yeah that's a good fight you
didn't the brown snakes a big fucking
round snake too Bobcats trying to eat it
hard out there it's hot it's hard out
that I know that's why the Coyotes
you're eating cats yeah they'll just
take whatever they can get I know
everyone's hungry it's hot you gotta get
through this month
but the thing about coyotes and cats and
I think we can relay this to the thing
about bears and deers that we're talking
about new jersey yeah you don't want all
the bears dead because then there'll be
so many fucking deers you'd be slamming
into them with your cars right you want
some of them alive
it's called management yes and you got
to manage the fucking deer too to think
about the deer - that's particularly
offensive is you know when people like
but you know there's too many deer what
do we do um they're made out of food
yeah you know shoot him and eat him
they're making delicious my
brother-in-law does does he
yeah he gets two or three get some put
in the freezer and that's their meat for
the year yeah in New Jersey what do you
got Jamie yep that's it
that's it look at this whoa oh fuck oh
yeah I'm gonna need you bitch I'm going
to eat him he's trying to bite him Wow
he got him that doesn't look good that
cat is goddamn Wow he got him tried to
bite him yeah and let it Lily get his
moves
he's so relentless - yes keeps going
back out it a cheese it's hard out here
in the West yeah yeah it's tough there's
a lot of nastiness going on yeah it's
the wild wild west at singer that's
talking about got bit in the foot my
posner yes fucked up right now you can't
walk for weeks he's gotta like relearn
how to walk why from being bit by a
rattler yeah whoa that's really hurt you
bad man jeez there's a lot of them out
here hmm they can cause your your tissue
to deteriorate he caused necropsy causes
like you're the death of tissue oh my
god bite is awesome you don't get it
treated really quickly I've seen a guy
who I was looking at this picture online
this guy got bit and wound up going to
the hospital and his skin had rotted
away where his bones exposed ah yeah
over how long how much time I don't know
I don't know but he had a ton of skin
grafts and operations to try to repair
the air oh my god airball jeez terrible
terrible stuff alright so don't go to
the South don't go to Dominican Republic
don't go to Kazakhstan
don't go overseas don't go in the woods
but do go to Netflix radio what a joke
I'll do we if you want well we'll talk
about it but if you ever want to do the
show here for what I'm doing the
afternoon for me yeah of course yeah
we'll do a whole thing not dogged Eva
well you are people I got to work so
I'll fucking go to work at work oh
that's the funny thing I was complaining
about the hours I'm like I'm on seven
o'clock till 9:00 my brother-in-law's
like dude I wake up at 5:30
I Drive an hour to work I'm there till
6:00 at night I'm gonna drive two hours
home so boohoo and I don't get to go
hang out and talk with Jerry Seinfeld
for an hour
Oh ridiculous well we don't work that
hard no we do not work that hard um
shout out to Tom papa thanks for
bringing me in my pleasure brother hook
you up with some elk after this yeah
that'd be awesome
thank you so much any dates coming up
tell anybody I go to Tom papa calm I'm
coming out in a couple weeks it all
starts up again come to Papa come to
Papa podcast and then this new one
that's a Netflix radio what does it call
Netflix radio what a joke well uh
Netflix radio and it's on 7:00 in the
morning how many days a week four days a
week
it runs 7:00 to 9:00 and 2:00 to 4:00
okay out here
thank you Tom papa back to you my friend
oh you're the best I love coming in I
love having you buddy
see ya
[Music]